achainíocha+Verbal+Adj:achainíocha	VA-INIT;	! VN::achainí; VERB::achainigh
achartha+Verbal+Adj:achartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::achairt; VERB::achair*x1*y
achoimrithe+Verbal+Adj:achoimrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::achoimriú; VERB::achoimrigh
achomhairc+Verbal+Adj:achomhairc	VA-INIT;	! VN::achomharc; VERB::achomharc*x2*y
achtáilte+Verbal+Adj:achtáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::achtáil; VERB::achtáil*x2*y
achtaithe+Verbal+Adj:achtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::achtú; VERB::achtaigh
adhainte+Verbal+Adj:adhainte	VA-INIT;	! VN::adhaint; VERB::adhain*x1*y
adhlactha+Verbal+Adj:adhlactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::adhlacadh; VERB::adhlaic
adhmhillte+Verbal+Adj:adhmhillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::adhmhilleadh; VERB::adhmhill
adhmholta+Verbal+Adj:adhmholta	VA-INIT;	! VN::adhmholadh; VERB::adhmhol
adhartha+Verbal+Adj:adhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::adhradh; VERB::adhair
admháilte+Verbal+Adj:admháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::admháil; VERB::admhaigh
aeráilte+Verbal+Adj:aeráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::aeráil; VERB::aeráil*x2*y
aeraithe+Verbal+Adj:aeraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aerú; VERB::aeraigh*x1*y
agartha+Verbal+Adj:agartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::agairt; VERB::agair*x1*y
agallaimh+Verbal+Adj:agallaimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::agallamh; VERB::agaill*x3*y
aghloit+Verbal+Adj:aghloit	VA-INIT;	! VN::aghlot; VERB::aghloit*x1*y
agóide+Verbal+Adj:agóide	VA-INIT;	! VN::agóid; VERB::agóid*x2*y
aicmithe+Verbal+Adj:aicmithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aicmiú; VERB::aicmigh*x1*y
aifeartha+Verbal+Adj:aifeartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::aifirt; VERB::aifir
ailínithe+Verbal+Adj:ailínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ailíniú; VERB::ailínigh
ailtéarnaithe+Verbal+Adj:ailtéarnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ailtéarnú; VERB::ailtéarnaigh*x1*y
aimplithe+Verbal+Adj:aimplithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aimpliú; VERB::aimpligh
aimridithe+Verbal+Adj:aimridithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aimridiú; VERB::aimridigh
aimsithe+Verbal+Adj:aimsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aimsiú; VERB::aimsigh*x1*y
ainmnithe+Verbal+Adj:ainmnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ainmniú; VERB::ainmnigh*x1*y
aireachtáilte+Verbal+Adj:aireachtáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::aireachtáil; VERB::airigh*x1*y
áirithe+Verbal+Adj:áirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::áireamh; VERB::áirigh
aisbhreathnaithe+Verbal+Adj:aisbhreathnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aisbhreathnú; VERB::aisbhreathnaigh
aischuir+Verbal+Adj:aischuir	VA-INIT;	! VN::aischur; VERB::aischuir*x1*y
aiseagtha+Verbal+Adj:aiseagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::aiseag; VERB::aisig*x1*y
aiséirithe+Verbal+Adj:aiséirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aiséirí; VERB::aiséirigh
aisfhuaimnithe+Verbal+Adj:aisfhuaimnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aisfhuaimniú; VERB::aisfhuaimnigh
aisghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:aisghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::aisghabháil; VERB::aisghabh
aisghairthe+Verbal+Adj:aisghairthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aisghairm; VERB::aisghair
aisghníomhaithe+Verbal+Adj:aisghníomhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aisghníomhú; VERB::aisghníomhaigh*x1*y
aisíoctha+Verbal+Adj:aisíoctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::aisíoc; VERB::aisíoc*x2*y
aisiompaithe+Verbal+Adj:aisiompaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aisiompú; VERB::aisiompaigh
aislinge+Verbal+Adj:aislinge	VA-INIT;	! VN::aisling; VERB::aisling*x2*y
aistarraingthe+Verbal+Adj:aistarraingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aistarraingt; VERB::aistarraing
aistrithe+Verbal+Adj:aistrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aistriú; VERB::aistrigh*x1*y
aithisc+Verbal+Adj:aithisc	VA-INIT;	! VN::aitheasc; VERB::aitheasc*x2*y
aithisithe+Verbal+Adj:aithisithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aithisiú; VERB::aithisigh*x1*y
aithriste+Verbal+Adj:aithriste	VA-INIT;	! VN::aithris; VERB::aithris*x2*y
áitithe+Verbal+Adj:áitithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::áitiú; VERB::áitigh
allmhairithe+Verbal+Adj:allmhairithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::allmhairiú; VERB::allmhairigh
alptha+Verbal+Adj:alptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::alpadh; VERB::alp*x1*y
alta+Verbal+Adj:alta	VA-INIT;	! VN::altadh; VERB::alt*x3*y
altramaithe+Verbal+Adj:altramaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::altramú; VERB::altramaigh
altaithe+Verbal+Adj:altaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::altú; VERB::altaigh*x1*y
amhairc+Verbal+Adj:amhairc	VA-INIT;	! VN::amharc; VERB::amharc*x2*y
amhastraí+Verbal+Adj:amhastraí	VA-INIT;	! VN::amhastrach; VERB::amhastraigh
anacail+Verbal+Adj:anacail	VA-INIT;	! VN::anacal; VERB::ainic
anailísithe+Verbal+Adj:anailísithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::anailísiú; VERB::anailísigh*x1*y
análaithe+Verbal+Adj:análaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::análú; VERB::análaigh*x1*y
aonraithe+Verbal+Adj:aonraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aonrú; VERB::aonraigh
aontaithe+Verbal+Adj:aontaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aontú; VERB::aontaigh
aothaithe+Verbal+Adj:aothaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aothú; VERB::aothaigh
air+Verbal+Adj:air	VA-INIT;	! VN::ar; VERB::air*x1*y
ardaithe+Verbal+Adj:ardaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ardú; VERB::ardaigh
argana+Verbal+Adj:argana	VA-INIT;	! VN::argain; VERB::arg
argóinte+Verbal+Adj:argóinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::argóint; VERB::argóin*x1*y
armáilte+Verbal+Adj:armáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::armáil; VERB::armáil*x2*y
armónaithe+Verbal+Adj:armónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::armónú; VERB::armónaigh*x1*y
asáitithe+Verbal+Adj:asáitithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::asáitiú; VERB::asáitigh
asanálaithe+Verbal+Adj:asanálaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::asanálú; VERB::asanálaigh
asbheirthe+Verbal+Adj:asbheirthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::asbheirt; VERB::asbheir
ascalaithe+Verbal+Adj:ascalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ascalú; VERB::ascalaigh*x1*y
ascnaimh+Verbal+Adj:ascnaimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::ascnamh; VERB::ascain
aslaithe+Verbal+Adj:aslaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aslach; VERB::aslaigh*x2*y
aslonnaithe+Verbal+Adj:aslonnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::aslonnú; VERB::aslonnaigh
astaithe+Verbal+Adj:astaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::astú; VERB::astaigh*x1*y
astaithe+Verbal+Adj:astaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::astú; VERB::astaigh*x2*y
asúite+Verbal+Adj:asúite	VA-INIT;	! VN::asú; VERB::asúigh
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::at; VERB::at*x2*y
atáirgthe+Verbal+Adj:atáirgthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::atáirgeadh; VERB::atáirg
ataispeánta+Verbal+Adj:ataispeánta	VA-INIT;	! VN::ataispeáint; VERB::ataispeáin
atarlaithe+Verbal+Adj:atarlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::atarlú; VERB::atarlaigh
atarraingthe+Verbal+Adj:atarraingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::atarraingt; VERB::atarraing
atéite+Verbal+Adj:atéite	VA-INIT;	! VN::atéamh; VERB::atéigh
ateilgthe+Verbal+Adj:ateilgthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ateilgean; VERB::ateilg
athachtaithe+Verbal+Adj:athachtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athachtú; VERB::athachtaigh
athadhlactha+Verbal+Adj:athadhlactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athadhlacadh; VERB::athadhlaic
athaimsithe+Verbal+Adj:athaimsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athaimsiú; VERB::athaimsigh
atháitithe+Verbal+Adj:atháitithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::atháitiú; VERB::atháitigh
athaontaithe+Verbal+Adj:athaontaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athaontú; VERB::athaontaigh
atharmáilte+Verbal+Adj:atharmáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::atharmáil; VERB::atharmáil*x2*y
athbheochana+Verbal+Adj:athbheochana	VA-INIT;	! VN::athbheochan; VERB::athbheoigh
athbhreithnithe+Verbal+Adj:athbhreithnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athbhreithniú; VERB::athbhreithnigh
athbhuailte+Verbal+Adj:athbhuailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athbhualadh; VERB::athbhuail
athchasta+Verbal+Adj:athchasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchasadh; VERB::athchas
athcheangailte+Verbal+Adj:athcheangailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athcheangal; VERB::athcheangail*x1*y
athcheannaithe+Verbal+Adj:athcheannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athcheannach; VERB::athcheannaigh*x1*y
athcheaptha+Verbal+Adj:athcheaptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athcheapadh; VERB::athcheap
athcheistithe+Verbal+Adj:athcheistithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athcheistiú; VERB::athcheistigh
athchlóite+Verbal+Adj:athchlóite	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchló; VERB::athchlóigh
athchlúdaithe+Verbal+Adj:athchlúdaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchlúdach; VERB::athchlúdaigh*x3*y
athchóirithe+Verbal+Adj:athchóirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchóiriú; VERB::athchóirigh
athchomhairthe+Verbal+Adj:athchomhairthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchomhaireamh; VERB::athchomhair
athchomhairlithe+Verbal+Adj:athchomhairlithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchomhairliú; VERB::athchomhairligh*x1*y
athchorpraithe+Verbal+Adj:athchorpraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchorprú; VERB::athchorpraigh
athchraolta+Verbal+Adj:athchraolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchraoladh; VERB::athchraol
athchruinnithe+Verbal+Adj:athchruinnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchruinniú; VERB::athchruinnigh
athchruthaithe+Verbal+Adj:athchruthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchruthú; VERB::athchruthaigh
athchumtha+Verbal+Adj:athchumtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchumadh; VERB::athchum
athchurtha+Verbal+Adj:athchurtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athchur; VERB::athchuir*x1*y
athdháilte+Verbal+Adj:athdháilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athdháileadh; VERB::athdháil
athdhéanta+Verbal+Adj:athdhéanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athdhéanamh; VERB::athdhéan
athdhearbhaithe+Verbal+Adj:athdhearbhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athdhearbhú; VERB::athdhearbhaigh
athdheimhnithe+Verbal+Adj:athdheimhnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athdheimhniú; VERB::athdheimhnigh
athdhíolta+Verbal+Adj:athdhíolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athdhíol; VERB::athdhíol*x2*y
atheisiúna+Verbal+Adj:atheisiúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::atheisiúint; VERB::atheisigh
athéisteachta+Verbal+Adj:athéisteachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athéisteacht; VERB::athéist
athfhillte+Verbal+Adj:athfhillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athfhilleadh; VERB::athfhill
athghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:athghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::athghabháil; VERB::athghabh
athghairthe+Verbal+Adj:athghairthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athghairm; VERB::athghair
athghéillte+Verbal+Adj:athghéillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athghéilleadh; VERB::athghéill
athghiniúna+Verbal+Adj:athghiniúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::athghiniúint; VERB::athghin*x2*y
athghlaoite+Verbal+Adj:athghlaoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::athghlaoch; VERB::athghlaoigh*x2*y
athghléasta+Verbal+Adj:athghléasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athghléasadh; VERB::athghléas
athghona+Verbal+Adj:athghona	VA-INIT;	! VN::athghoin; VERB::athghoin*x2*y
athimeartha+Verbal+Adj:athimeartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athimirt; VERB::athimir
athinste+Verbal+Adj:athinste	VA-INIT;	! VN::athinsint; VERB::athinis
athiompaithe+Verbal+Adj:athiompaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athiompú; VERB::athiompaigh
athiontráilte+Verbal+Adj:athiontráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::athiontráil; VERB::athiontráil*x2*y
athlasta+Verbal+Adj:athlasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athlasadh; VERB::athlas
athleagtha+Verbal+Adj:athleagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athleagan; VERB::athleag
athléite+Verbal+Adj:athléite	VA-INIT;	! VN::athléamh; VERB::athléigh
athleasaithe+Verbal+Adj:athleasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athleasú; VERB::athleasaigh
athléirithe+Verbal+Adj:athléirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athléiriú; VERB::athléirigh
athlíonta+Verbal+Adj:athlíonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athlíonadh; VERB::athlíon
athliostáilte+Verbal+Adj:athliostáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::athliostáil; VERB::athliostáil*x2*y
athluaite+Verbal+Adj:athluaite	VA-INIT;	! VN::athlua; VERB::athluaigh
athmhúscailte+Verbal+Adj:athmhúscailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athmhúscailt; VERB::athmhúscail
athnuachana+Verbal+Adj:athnuachana	VA-INIT;	! VN::athnuachan; VERB::athnuaigh
athonnmhairithe+Verbal+Adj:athonnmhairithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athonnmhairiú; VERB::athonnmhairigh
athordaithe+Verbal+Adj:athordaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athordú; VERB::athordaigh
athphléite+Verbal+Adj:athphléite	VA-INIT;	! VN::athphlé; VERB::athphléigh
athphósta+Verbal+Adj:athphósta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athphósadh; VERB::athphós
athraonta+Verbal+Adj:athraonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athraonadh; VERB::athraon
athreoite+Verbal+Adj:athreoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::athreo; VERB::athreoigh
athríthe+Verbal+Adj:athríthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athrí; VERB::athrígh
athriartha+Verbal+Adj:athriartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athriar; VERB::athriar*x2*y
athroinnte+Verbal+Adj:athroinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athroinnt; VERB::athroinn
athrómhartha+Verbal+Adj:athrómhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::athrómhar; VERB::athrómhair*x1*y
athraithe+Verbal+Adj:athraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athrú; VERB::athraigh*x1*y
athscinnte+Verbal+Adj:athscinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::athscinneadh; VERB::athscinn
athscríofa+Verbal+Adj:athscríofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::athscríobh; VERB::athscríobh*x2*y
athsheachadta+Verbal+Adj:athsheachadta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athsheachadadh; VERB::athsheachaid
athsheolta+Verbal+Adj:athsheolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::athsheoladh; VERB::athsheol
athshocraithe+Verbal+Adj:athshocraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::athshocrú; VERB::athshocraigh
athsholáthair+Verbal+Adj:athsholáthair	VA-INIT;	! VN::athsholáthar; VERB::athsholáthraigh
athshúite+Verbal+Adj:athshúite	VA-INIT;	! VN::athshú; VERB::athshúigh
atíolactha+Verbal+Adj:atíolactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::atíolacadh; VERB::atíolaic
ationólta+Verbal+Adj:ationólta	VA-INIT;	! VN::ationól; VERB::ationóil*x1*y
atitime+Verbal+Adj:atitime	VA-INIT;	! VN::atitim; VERB::atit
atriailte+Verbal+Adj:atriailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::atriail; VERB::atriail*x2*y
báite+Verbal+Adj:báite	VA-INIT;	! VN::bá; VERB::báigh*x1*y
bactha+Verbal+Adj:bactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bacadh; VERB::bac*x2*y
bagartha+Verbal+Adj:bagartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bagairt; VERB::bagair
bailithe+Verbal+Adj:bailithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bailiú; VERB::bailigh*x1*y
bainte+Verbal+Adj:bainte	VA-INIT;	! VN::baint; VERB::bain*x1*y
báistí+Verbal+Adj:báistí	VA-INIT;	! VN::báisteach; VERB::báistigh
baistí+Verbal+Adj:baistí	VA-INIT;	! VN::baisteadh; VERB::baist
balctha+Verbal+Adj:balctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::balcadh; VERB::bailc*x2*y
bannaithe+Verbal+Adj:bannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bannú; VERB::bannaigh
bánaithe+Verbal+Adj:bánaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bánú; VERB::bánaigh*x1*y
barrtha+Verbal+Adj:barrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::barradh; VERB::barr*x4*y
barrchaolaithe+Verbal+Adj:barrchaolaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::barrchaolú; VERB::barrchaolaigh
barrdhóite+Verbal+Adj:barrdhóite	VA-INIT;	! VN::barrdhó; VERB::barrdhóigh
barriompaithe+Verbal+Adj:barriompaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::barriompú; VERB::barriompaigh
barrloiscthe+Verbal+Adj:barrloiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::barrloscadh; VERB::barrloisc
barúla+Verbal+Adj:barúla	VA-INIT;	! VN::barúil; VERB::barúil*x2*y
basctha+Verbal+Adj:basctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bascadh; VERB::basc
básaithe+Verbal+Adj:básaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bású; VERB::básaigh
bealaithe+Verbal+Adj:bealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bealú; VERB::bealaigh*x1*y
beannaithe+Verbal+Adj:beannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::beannú; VERB::beannaigh*x1*y
bearrtha+Verbal+Adj:bearrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bearradh; VERB::bearr
beartaithe+Verbal+Adj:beartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::beartú; VERB::beartaigh*x1*y
beathaithe+Verbal+Adj:beathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::beathú; VERB::beathaigh
beirithe+Verbal+Adj:beirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::beiriú; VERB::beirigh
beochana+Verbal+Adj:beochana	VA-INIT;	! VN::beochan; VERB::beoigh
beoghearrtha+Verbal+Adj:beoghearrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::beoghearradh; VERB::beoghearr
beoghonta+Verbal+Adj:beoghonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::beoghoin; VERB::beoghoin*x2*y
beophianta+Verbal+Adj:beophianta	VA-INIT;	! VN::beophianadh; VERB::beophian*x2*y
biathaithe+Verbal+Adj:biathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::biathú; VERB::biathaigh
bíogtha+Verbal+Adj:bíogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bíogadh; VERB::bíog*x2*y
bioraithe+Verbal+Adj:bioraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::biorú; VERB::bioraigh*x1*y
bladair+Verbal+Adj:bladair	VA-INIT;	! VN::bladar; VERB::bladair*x1*y
blaiste+Verbal+Adj:blaiste	VA-INIT;	! VN::blaiseadh; VERB::blais*x1*y
blaosctha+Verbal+Adj:blaosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::blaoscadh; VERB::blaosc*x2*y
bláthaithe+Verbal+Adj:bláthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bláthú; VERB::bláthaigh
blite+Verbal+Adj:blite	VA-INIT;	! VN::bleán; VERB::bligh
blosctha+Verbal+Adj:blosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bloscadh; VERB::blosc*x2*y
bochtaithe+Verbal+Adj:bochtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bochtú; VERB::bochtaigh
bodhraithe+Verbal+Adj:bodhraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bodhrú; VERB::bodhraigh
bogtha+Verbal+Adj:bogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bogadh; VERB::bog*x3*y
bogaigéadaithe+Verbal+Adj:bogaigéadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bogaigéadú; VERB::bogaigéadaigh
boilscithe+Verbal+Adj:boilscithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::boilsciú; VERB::boilscigh
bolcáinithe+Verbal+Adj:bolcáinithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bolcáiniú; VERB::bolcáinigh
bombardaithe+Verbal+Adj:bombardaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bombardú; VERB::bombardaigh
borrtha+Verbal+Adj:borrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::borradh; VERB::borr*x3*y
brácáilte+Verbal+Adj:brácáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::brácáil; VERB::brácáil*x3*y
brachta+Verbal+Adj:brachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::brachadh; VERB::braich*x2*y
braite+Verbal+Adj:braite	VA-INIT;	! VN::brath; VERB::braith*x1*y
breactha+Verbal+Adj:breactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::breacadh; VERB::breac*x3*y
breachnaithe+Verbal+Adj:breachnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::breachnú; VERB::breachnaigh
bréagtha+Verbal+Adj:bréagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::bréagadh; VERB::bréag*x2*y
bréagnaithe+Verbal+Adj:bréagnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bréagnú; VERB::bréagnaigh
breathnaithe+Verbal+Adj:breathnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::breathnú; VERB::breathnaigh
breisithe+Verbal+Adj:breisithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::breisiú; VERB::breisigh
breithe+Verbal+Adj:breithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::breith; VERB::beir
breithnithe+Verbal+Adj:breithnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::breithniú; VERB::breithnigh
breoite+Verbal+Adj:breoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::breo; VERB::breoigh*x1*y
briogtha+Verbal+Adj:briogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::briogadh; VERB::briog
brionnaithe+Verbal+Adj:brionnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::brionnú; VERB::brionnaigh*x1*y
briste+Verbal+Adj:briste	VA-INIT;	! VN::briseadh; VERB::bris*x2*y
broctha+Verbal+Adj:broctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::brocadh; VERB::broc*x3*y
bronnta+Verbal+Adj:bronnta	VA-INIT;	! VN::bronnadh; VERB::bronn*x1*y
brúite+Verbal+Adj:brúite	VA-INIT;	! VN::brú; VERB::brúigh
brúchtaí+Verbal+Adj:brúchtaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::brúchtadh; VERB::brúcht*x2*y
bruíne+Verbal+Adj:bruíne	VA-INIT;	! VN::bruíon; VERB::bruíon*x3*y
bruite+Verbal+Adj:bruite	VA-INIT;	! VN::bruith; VERB::bruith*x2*y
bruithnithe+Verbal+Adj:bruithnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bruithniú; VERB::bruithnigh
buachana+Verbal+Adj:buachana	VA-INIT;	! VN::buachan; VERB::buaigh
buartha+Verbal+Adj:buartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::buaireamh; VERB::buair*x1*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::bualadh; VERB::buail
buanaithe+Verbal+Adj:buanaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::buanú; VERB::buanaigh
buíochana+Verbal+Adj:buíochana	VA-INIT;	! VN::buíochan; VERB::buígh
búirthe+Verbal+Adj:búirthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::búireadh; VERB::búir*x2*y
bunaithe+Verbal+Adj:bunaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::bunú; VERB::bunaigh
burdáilte+Verbal+Adj:burdáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::burdáil; VERB::burdáil*x2*y
cabhartha+Verbal+Adj:cabhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cabhradh; VERB::cabhair*x2*y
cactha+Verbal+Adj:cactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cac; VERB::cac*x2*y
caí+Verbal+Adj:caí	VA-INIT;	! VN::caí; VERB::caígh
caideartha+Verbal+Adj:caideartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::caidreamh; VERB::caidrigh
cailcínithe+Verbal+Adj:cailcínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cailcíniú; VERB::cailcínigh
cailcithe+Verbal+Adj:cailcithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cailciú; VERB::cailcigh
caillte+Verbal+Adj:caillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cailleadh; VERB::caill*x2*y
cáinte+Verbal+Adj:cáinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cáineadh; VERB::cáin*x2*y
cainníochtaithe+Verbal+Adj:cainníochtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cainníochtú; VERB::cainníochtaigh
caipitlithe+Verbal+Adj:caipitlithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::caipitliú; VERB::caipitligh
cáite+Verbal+Adj:cáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::cáitheadh; VERB::cáith*x2*y
caite+Verbal+Adj:caite	VA-INIT;	! VN::caitheamh; VERB::caith
caithreáilte+Verbal+Adj:caithreáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::caithreáil; VERB::caithreáil*x2*y
calabraithe+Verbal+Adj:calabraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::calabrú; VERB::calabraigh
calctha+Verbal+Adj:calctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::calcadh; VERB::calc*x2*y
camtha+Verbal+Adj:camtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::camadh; VERB::cam*x4*y
canálaithe+Verbal+Adj:canálaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::canálú; VERB::canálaigh
canónaithe+Verbal+Adj:canónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::canónú; VERB::canónaigh*x1*y
caochta+Verbal+Adj:caochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::caochadh; VERB::caoch*x4*y
caointe+Verbal+Adj:caointe	VA-INIT;	! VN::caoineadh; VERB::caoin*x3*y
caolaithe+Verbal+Adj:caolaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::caolú; VERB::caolaigh*x1*y
caomhnaithe+Verbal+Adj:caomhnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::caomhnú; VERB::caomhnaigh*x1*y
carbónaithe+Verbal+Adj:carbónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::carbónú; VERB::carbónaigh*x1*y
carbraithe+Verbal+Adj:carbraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::carbrú; VERB::carbraigh
cardáilte+Verbal+Adj:cardáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cardáil; VERB::cardáil*x2*y
carntha+Verbal+Adj:carntha	VA-INIT;	! VN::carnadh; VERB::carn*x2*y
carta+Verbal+Adj:carta	VA-INIT;	! VN::cartadh; VERB::cart
carthana+Verbal+Adj:carthana	VA-INIT;	! VN::carthain; VERB::car*x2*y
casta+Verbal+Adj:casta	VA-INIT;	! VN::casadh; VERB::cas*x2*y
cásáilte+Verbal+Adj:cásáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cásáil; VERB::cásáil*x2*y
cásaithe+Verbal+Adj:cásaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cásamh; VERB::cásaigh*x1*y
casaoide+Verbal+Adj:casaoide	VA-INIT;	! VN::casaoid; VERB::casaoid*x2*y
casiompaithe+Verbal+Adj:casiompaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::casiompú; VERB::casiompaigh
catalaithe+Verbal+Adj:catalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::catalú; VERB::catalaigh
cathaithe+Verbal+Adj:cathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cathú; VERB::cathaigh*x1*y
ceadaithe+Verbal+Adj:ceadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceadú; VERB::ceadaigh
cealgtha+Verbal+Adj:cealgtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cealgadh; VERB::cealg*x2*y
cealaithe+Verbal+Adj:cealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cealú; VERB::cealaigh
ceangailte+Verbal+Adj:ceangailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceangal; VERB::ceangail*x1*y
ceannaithe+Verbal+Adj:ceannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceannach; VERB::ceannaigh*x1*y
céannaithe+Verbal+Adj:céannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::céannú; VERB::céannaigh
ceansaithe+Verbal+Adj:ceansaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceansú; VERB::ceansaigh
ceantáilte+Verbal+Adj:ceantáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::ceantáil; VERB::ceantáil*x2*y
ceaptha+Verbal+Adj:ceaptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceapadh; VERB::ceap*x2*y
cearnaithe+Verbal+Adj:cearnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cearnú; VERB::cearnaigh*x1*y
ceartaithe+Verbal+Adj:ceartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceartú; VERB::ceartaigh
ceasachta+Verbal+Adj:ceasachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceasacht; VERB::ceis*x2*y
céasta+Verbal+Adj:céasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::céasadh; VERB::céas*x2*y
ceasnaithe+Verbal+Adj:ceasnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceasnaí; VERB::ceasnaigh
ceiliúrtha+Verbal+Adj:ceiliúrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceiliúradh; VERB::ceiliúir*x1*y
ceilte+Verbal+Adj:ceilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceilt; VERB::ceil
céimnithe+Verbal+Adj:céimnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::céimniú; VERB::céimnigh*x1*y
ceistithe+Verbal+Adj:ceistithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ceistiú; VERB::ceistigh*x1*y
ciallaithe+Verbal+Adj:ciallaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ciallú; VERB::ciallaigh*x1*y
ciaptha+Verbal+Adj:ciaptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::ciapadh; VERB::ciap
cigilte+Verbal+Adj:cigilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cigilt; VERB::cigil
cimithe+Verbal+Adj:cimithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cimiú; VERB::cimigh
cineachta+Verbal+Adj:cineachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::cineachadh; VERB::cineach
cinnte+Verbal+Adj:cinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cinneadh; VERB::cinn*x1*y
cinnt+Verbal+Adj:cinnt	VA-INIT;	! VN::cinneadh; VERB::cinn*x2*y
cinnireachta+Verbal+Adj:cinnireachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::cinnireacht; VERB::cinnir
cinntithe+Verbal+Adj:cinntithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cinntiú; VERB::cinntigh
ciondáilte+Verbal+Adj:ciondáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::ciondáil; VERB::ciondáil*x2*y
cionranna+Verbal+Adj:cionranna	VA-INIT;	! VN::cionroinnt; VERB::cionroinn
ciontaithe+Verbal+Adj:ciontaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ciontú; VERB::ciontaigh*x1*y
cíortha+Verbal+Adj:cíortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cíoradh; VERB::cíor*x2*y
ciorclaithe+Verbal+Adj:ciorclaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ciorclú; VERB::ciorclaigh*x1*y
cíorláilte+Verbal+Adj:cíorláilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cíorláil; VERB::cíorláil*x2*y
ciorraithe+Verbal+Adj:ciorraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ciorrú; VERB::ciorraigh
cíosaithe+Verbal+Adj:cíosaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cíosú; VERB::cíosaigh*x1*y
ciúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:ciúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ciúnú; VERB::ciúnaigh
clamhartha+Verbal+Adj:clamhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::clamhairt; VERB::clamhair
clannaithe+Verbal+Adj:clannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::clannú; VERB::clannaigh*x1*y
claochlaithe+Verbal+Adj:claochlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::claochlú; VERB::claochlaigh
claonta+Verbal+Adj:claonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::claonadh; VERB::claon*x3*y
claonmharaithe+Verbal+Adj:claonmharaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::claonmharú; VERB::claonmharaigh
cláraithe+Verbal+Adj:cláraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::clárú; VERB::cláraigh*x1*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::cleachtadh; VERB::cleacht*x2*y
climeartha+Verbal+Adj:climeartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::climirt; VERB::climir
clíomaithe+Verbal+Adj:clíomaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::clíomú; VERB::clíomaigh
clipthe+Verbal+Adj:clipthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::clipeadh; VERB::clip
cliste+Verbal+Adj:cliste	VA-INIT;	! VN::cliseadh; VERB::clis*x1*y
clíth+Verbal+Adj:clíth	VA-INIT;	! VN::clíth; VERB::clíth*x2*y
clochraithe+Verbal+Adj:clochraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::clochrú; VERB::clochraigh
clogtha+Verbal+Adj:clogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::clogadh; VERB::clog*x3*y
cloíte+Verbal+Adj:cloíte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cloí; VERB::cloígh*x1*y
cloíte+Verbal+Adj:cloíte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cloí; VERB::cloígh*x2*y
clóirínithe+Verbal+Adj:clóirínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::clóiríniú; VERB::clóirínigh
cloisteáilte+Verbal+Adj:cloisteáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cloisteáil; VERB::clois
clóscríofa+Verbal+Adj:clóscríofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::clóscríobh; VERB::clóscríobh*x2*y
cluichte+Verbal+Adj:cluichte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cluicheadh; VERB::cluich
clúmhillte+Verbal+Adj:clúmhillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::clúmhilleadh; VERB::clúmhill
cnagtha+Verbal+Adj:cnagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cnagadh; VERB::cnag*x2*y
cnaíte+Verbal+Adj:cnaíte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cnaí; VERB::cnaígh
cneadaí+Verbal+Adj:cneadaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::cneadach; VERB::cnead*x2*y
cneasaithe+Verbal+Adj:cneasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cneasú; VERB::cneasaigh*x1*y
cniotáilte+Verbal+Adj:cniotáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cniotáil; VERB::cniotáil*x2*y
cnuasaigh+Verbal+Adj:cnuasaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::cnuasach; VERB::cnuasaigh*x2*y
cnuchartha+Verbal+Adj:cnuchartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cnuchairt; VERB::cnuchair
cobhsaithe+Verbal+Adj:cobhsaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cobhsú; VERB::cobhsaigh
codlata+Verbal+Adj:codlata	VA-INIT;	! VN::codladh; VERB::codail
códaithe+Verbal+Adj:códaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::códú; VERB::códaigh
coganta+Verbal+Adj:coganta	VA-INIT;	! VN::cogaint; VERB::cogain
coigeartaithe+Verbal+Adj:coigeartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coigeartú; VERB::coigeartaigh*x1*y
coigilte+Verbal+Adj:coigilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::coigilt; VERB::coigil
coigistithe+Verbal+Adj:coigistithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coigistiú; VERB::coigistigh
coilínithe+Verbal+Adj:coilínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coilíniú; VERB::coilínigh*x1*y
coillte+Verbal+Adj:coillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::coilleadh; VERB::coill*x2*y
coilltithe+Verbal+Adj:coilltithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coilltiú; VERB::coilltigh*x1*y
coimeádta+Verbal+Adj:coimeádta	VA-INIT;	! VN::coimeád; VERB::coimeád*x2*y
cóimeáilte+Verbal+Adj:cóimeáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cóimeáil; VERB::cóimeáil*x2*y
coimhéadta+Verbal+Adj:coimhéadta	VA-INIT;	! VN::coimhéad; VERB::coimhéad*x2*y
cóimheasa+Verbal+Adj:cóimheasa	VA-INIT;	! VN::cóimheas; VERB::cóimheas*x2*y
cóimheasctha+Verbal+Adj:cóimheasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cóimheascadh; VERB::cóimheasc
coimhthithe+Verbal+Adj:coimhthithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coimhthiú; VERB::coimhthigh
coimpeartha+Verbal+Adj:coimpeartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::coimpeart; VERB::coimpir
coimrithe+Verbal+Adj:coimrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coimriú; VERB::coimrigh
coinbhéartaithe+Verbal+Adj:coinbhéartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coinbhéartú; VERB::coinbhéartaigh*x1*y
coinbhéirsithe+Verbal+Adj:coinbhéirsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coinbhéirsiú; VERB::coinbhéirsigh*x1*y
cóineartaithe+Verbal+Adj:cóineartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cóineartú; VERB::cóineartaigh
coinneáilte+Verbal+Adj:coinneáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::coinneáil; VERB::coinnigh
coinnealbháite+Verbal+Adj:coinnealbháite	VA-INIT;	! VN::coinnealbhá; VERB::coinnealbháigh
coinsínithe+Verbal+Adj:coinsínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coinsíniú; VERB::coinsínigh
coipthe+Verbal+Adj:coipthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coipeadh; VERB::coip
cóipeáilte+Verbal+Adj:cóipeáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cóipeáil; VERB::cóipeáil*x3*y
cóipeáilte+Verbal+Adj:cóipeáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cóipeáil; VERB::cóipeáil*x4*y
cóireáilte+Verbal+Adj:cóireáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cóireáil; VERB::cóireáil*x2*y
coirithe+Verbal+Adj:coirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::coiriú; VERB::coirigh*x1*y
cóirithe+Verbal+Adj:cóirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cóiriú; VERB::cóirigh
coisíochta+Verbal+Adj:coisíochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::coisíocht; VERB::coisigh
coisreacain+Verbal+Adj:coisreacain	VA-INIT;	! VN::coisreacan; VERB::coisric
comhairthe+Verbal+Adj:comhairthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhaireamh; VERB::comhair*x2*y
cómhalartaithe+Verbal+Adj:cómhalartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cómhalartú; VERB::cómhalartaigh*x1*y
comhaill+Verbal+Adj:comhaill	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhall; VERB::comhaill*x1*y
comhaontaithe+Verbal+Adj:comhaontaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhaontú; VERB::comhaontaigh*x1*y
comhardaithe+Verbal+Adj:comhardaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhardú; VERB::comhardaigh
comharthaithe+Verbal+Adj:comharthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comharthú; VERB::comharthaigh*x1*y
comhathraithe+Verbal+Adj:comhathraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhathrú; VERB::comhathraigh
comhbhuailte+Verbal+Adj:comhbhuailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhbhualadh; VERB::comhbhuail
comhcheangail+Verbal+Adj:comhcheangail	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhcheangal; VERB::comhcheangail*x1*y
comhchlaonta+Verbal+Adj:comhchlaonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhchlaonadh; VERB::comhchlaon
comhdhéanta+Verbal+Adj:comhdhéanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhdhéanamh; VERB::comhdhéan
comhfhreagartha+Verbal+Adj:comhfhreagartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhfhreagairt; VERB::comhfhreagair
comhlánaithe+Verbal+Adj:comhlánaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhlánú; VERB::comhlánaigh
comhleáite+Verbal+Adj:comhleáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhleá; VERB::comhleáigh
comhlínithe+Verbal+Adj:comhlínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhlíniú; VERB::comhlínigh*x1*y
comhlíonta+Verbal+Adj:comhlíonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhlíonadh; VERB::comhlíon*x2*y
comhordaithe+Verbal+Adj:comhordaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhordú; VERB::comhordaigh
comhraic+Verbal+Adj:comhraic	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhrac; VERB::comhraic*x2*y
comhréitigh+Verbal+Adj:comhréitigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhréiteach; VERB::comhréitigh*x2*y
comhshóite+Verbal+Adj:comhshóite	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhshó; VERB::comhshóigh
comhtharlaithe+Verbal+Adj:comhtharlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::comhtharlú; VERB::comhtharlaigh
comórtha+Verbal+Adj:comórtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::comóradh; VERB::comóir
cónaithe+Verbal+Adj:cónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cónaí; VERB::cónaigh*x1*y
cónasctha+Verbal+Adj:cónasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cónascadh; VERB::cónaisc*x1*y
conduchta+Verbal+Adj:conduchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::conduchtadh; VERB::conducht
conlaithe+Verbal+Adj:conlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::conlú; VERB::conlaigh*x1*y
conspóide+Verbal+Adj:conspóide	VA-INIT;	! VN::conspóid; VERB::conspóid*x2*y
construáilte+Verbal+Adj:construáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::construáil; VERB::construáil*x2*y
coir+Verbal+Adj:coir	VA-INIT;	! VN::cor; VERB::coir*x2*y
cortha+Verbal+Adj:cortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::coradh; VERB::cor*x4*y
corbtha+Verbal+Adj:corbtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::corbadh; VERB::corb
corónaithe+Verbal+Adj:corónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::corónú; VERB::corónaigh*x1*y
corpraithe+Verbal+Adj:corpraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::corprú; VERB::corpraigh*x1*y
corraithe+Verbal+Adj:corraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::corraí; VERB::corraigh*x1*y
cosanta+Verbal+Adj:cosanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::cosaint; VERB::cosain
coiscthe+Verbal+Adj:coiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cosc; VERB::coisc*x1*y
coscartha+Verbal+Adj:coscartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::coscairt; VERB::coscair*x1*y
cothromaithe+Verbal+Adj:cothromaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cothromú; VERB::cothromaigh
cothaithe+Verbal+Adj:cothaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cothú; VERB::cothaigh
cráite+Verbal+Adj:cráite	VA-INIT;	! VN::crá; VERB::cráigh
cráinte+Verbal+Adj:cráinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cráineadh; VERB::
craobhaithe+Verbal+Adj:craobhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::craobhú; VERB::craobhaigh*x1*y
craolta+Verbal+Adj:craolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::craoladh; VERB::craol
craosfholctha+Verbal+Adj:craosfholctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::craosfholcadh; VERB::craosfholc
craptha+Verbal+Adj:craptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::crapadh; VERB::crap*x1*y
creachta+Verbal+Adj:creachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::creachadh; VERB::creach*x2*y
creachta+Verbal+Adj:creachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::creachadh; VERB::creach*x3*y
créamtha+Verbal+Adj:créamtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::créamadh; VERB::créam
creathaidh+Verbal+Adj:creathaidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::creathadh; VERB::creath*x1*y
creice+Verbal+Adj:creice	VA-INIT;	! VN::creic; VERB::crean
creidiúna+Verbal+Adj:creidiúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::creidiúint; VERB::creid
creimthe+Verbal+Adj:creimthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::creimeadh; VERB::creim*x1*y
criathraithe+Verbal+Adj:criathraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::criathrú; VERB::criathraigh*x1*y
críochnaithe+Verbal+Adj:críochnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::críochnú; VERB::críochnaigh
críochaithe+Verbal+Adj:críochaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::críochú; VERB::críochaigh
críonta+Verbal+Adj:críonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::críonadh; VERB::críon*x3*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::crith; VERB::crith*x2*y
crochta+Verbal+Adj:crochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::crochadh; VERB::croch*x2*y
croite+Verbal+Adj:croite	VA-INIT;	! VN::croitheadh; VERB::croith
cromtha+Verbal+Adj:cromtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cromadh; VERB::crom*x2*y
cronaithe+Verbal+Adj:cronaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cronú; VERB::cronaigh
crónaithe+Verbal+Adj:crónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::crónú; VERB::crónaigh
crosta+Verbal+Adj:crosta	VA-INIT;	! VN::crosadh; VERB::cros*x2*y
crúite+Verbal+Adj:crúite	VA-INIT;	! VN::crú; VERB::crúigh*x1*y
cruachana+Verbal+Adj:cruachana	VA-INIT;	! VN::cruachan; VERB::cruaigh
cruinnithe+Verbal+Adj:cruinnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cruinniú; VERB::cruinnigh
cruthaithe+Verbal+Adj:cruthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cruthú; VERB::cruthaigh*x1*y
cuachta+Verbal+Adj:cuachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuachadh; VERB::cuach*x4*y
cuardaigh+Verbal+Adj:cuardaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuardach; VERB::cuardaigh*x1*y
cúbláilte+Verbal+Adj:cúbláilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cúbláil; VERB::cúbláil*x2*y
cuidithe+Verbal+Adj:cuidithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuidiú; VERB::cuidigh*x1*y
cúigleáilte+Verbal+Adj:cúigleáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cúigleáil; VERB::cúigleáil*x2*y
cuimhnimh+Verbal+Adj:cuimhnimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuimhneamh; VERB::cuimhnigh*x1*y
cuimilte+Verbal+Adj:cuimilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuimilt; VERB::cuimil*x1*y
cuimsithe+Verbal+Adj:cuimsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuimsiú; VERB::cuimsigh*x1*y
cúisimh+Verbal+Adj:cúisimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::cúiseamh; VERB::cúisigh*x1*y
cuisnithe+Verbal+Adj:cuisnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuisniú; VERB::cuisnigh*x1*y
cúitimh+Verbal+Adj:cúitimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::cúiteamh; VERB::cúitigh*x1*y
cúlghairme+Verbal+Adj:cúlghairme	VA-INIT;	! VN::cúlghairm; VERB::cúlghair
cúlaithe+Verbal+Adj:cúlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cúlú; VERB::cúlaigh
cumtha+Verbal+Adj:cumtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cumadh; VERB::cum
cumaisc+Verbal+Adj:cumaisc	VA-INIT;	! VN::cumasc; VERB::cumaisc*x1*y
cumhdaigh+Verbal+Adj:cumhdaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::cumhdach; VERB::cumhdaigh*x2*y
cumhscaithe+Verbal+Adj:cumhscaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cumhscú; VERB::cumhscaigh
cúnta+Verbal+Adj:cúnta	VA-INIT;	! VN::cúnamh; VERB::cúnaigh
cúngaithe+Verbal+Adj:cúngaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::cúngú; VERB::cúngaigh*x1*y
cuntais+Verbal+Adj:cuntais	VA-INIT;	! VN::cuntas; VERB::cuntais*x1*y
cúpláilte+Verbal+Adj:cúpláilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cúpláil; VERB::cúpláil*x2*y
curtha+Verbal+Adj:curtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cur; VERB::cuir*x1*y
cúrtha+Verbal+Adj:cúrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::cúradh; VERB::cúr*x3*y
cúrsáilte+Verbal+Adj:cúrsáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::cúrsáil; VERB::cúrsáil*x2*y
dáilte+Verbal+Adj:dáilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::dáileadh; VERB::dáil*x2*y
daingnithe+Verbal+Adj:daingnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::daingniú; VERB::daingnigh
dallta+Verbal+Adj:dallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::dalladh; VERB::dall*x3*y
dallraithe+Verbal+Adj:dallraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dallrú; VERB::dallraigh
dámhachtana+Verbal+Adj:dámhachtana	VA-INIT;	! VN::dámhachtain; VERB::dámh*x2*y
damhnaithe+Verbal+Adj:damhnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::damhnú; VERB::damhnaigh
damhsaí+Verbal+Adj:damhsaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::damhsa; VERB::damhsaigh*x1*y
damnaithe+Verbal+Adj:damnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::damnú; VERB::damnaigh
daortha+Verbal+Adj:daortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::daoradh; VERB::daor*x3*y
dathaithe+Verbal+Adj:dathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dathú; VERB::dathaigh*x1*y
deachraithe+Verbal+Adj:deachraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deachrú; VERB::deachair*x2*y
deachtaithe+Verbal+Adj:deachtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deachtú; VERB::deachtaigh
deachaithe+Verbal+Adj:deachaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deachú; VERB::deachaigh*x1*y
deachúlaithe+Verbal+Adj:deachúlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deachúlú; VERB::deachúlaigh*x1*y
déaduchtaithe+Verbal+Adj:déaduchtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::déaduchtú; VERB::déaduchtaigh
dealbhaithe+Verbal+Adj:dealbhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dealbhú; VERB::dealbhaigh*x2*y
dealaithe+Verbal+Adj:dealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dealú; VERB::dealaigh
déanta+Verbal+Adj:déanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::déanamh; VERB::déan*x2*y
deartha+Verbal+Adj:deartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::dearadh; VERB::dear*x1*y
deartha+Verbal+Adj:deartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::dearadh; VERB::dear*x2*y
dearbhasctha+Verbal+Adj:dearbhasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::dearbhascadh; VERB::dearbhasc
dearbhaithe+Verbal+Adj:dearbhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dearbhú; VERB::dearbhaigh
dearctha+Verbal+Adj:dearctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::dearcadh; VERB::dearc*x3*y
deargtha+Verbal+Adj:deargtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::deargadh; VERB::dearg*x3*y
dearlaicthe+Verbal+Adj:dearlaicthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dearlacadh; VERB::dearlaic*x2*y
dearmaid+Verbal+Adj:dearmaid	VA-INIT;	! VN::dearmad; VERB::dearmad*x2*y
dearnáilte+Verbal+Adj:dearnáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::dearnáil; VERB::dearnáil*x2*y
deasctha+Verbal+Adj:deasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::deascadh; VERB::deasc*x2*y
deasaithe+Verbal+Adj:deasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deasú; VERB::deasaigh*x1*y
deighilte+Verbal+Adj:deighilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::deighilt; VERB::deighil
deilbhithe+Verbal+Adj:deilbhithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deilbhiú; VERB::deilbhigh
déileáilte+Verbal+Adj:déileáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::déileáil; VERB::déileáil*x2*y
deimhneasctha+Verbal+Adj:deimhneasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::deimhneasc; VERB::deimhneasc*x2*y
deimhnithe+Verbal+Adj:deimhnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deimhniú; VERB::deimhnigh*x1*y
deisithe+Verbal+Adj:deisithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deisiú; VERB::deisigh
deochta+Verbal+Adj:deochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::deochadh; VERB::deoch*x2*y
deonaithe+Verbal+Adj:deonaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::deonú; VERB::deonaigh*x1*y
déroinnte+Verbal+Adj:déroinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::déroinnt; VERB::déroinn
diagaithe+Verbal+Adj:diagaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::diagú; VERB::diagaigh
diallta+Verbal+Adj:diallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::diall; VERB::diall*x2*y
dianscaoilte+Verbal+Adj:dianscaoilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::dianscaoileadh; VERB::dianscaoil
díbhe+Verbal+Adj:díbhe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díbhe; VERB::díbh*x1*y
díbhunaithe+Verbal+Adj:díbhunaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díbhunú; VERB::díbhunaigh
díbeartha+Verbal+Adj:díbeartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::díbirt; VERB::díbir
díblithe+Verbal+Adj:díblithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díbliú; VERB::díbligh
dícháilithe+Verbal+Adj:dícháilithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dícháiliú; VERB::dícháiligh
dícharbónaithe+Verbal+Adj:dícharbónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dícharbónú; VERB::dícharbónaigh
dícheadaithe+Verbal+Adj:dícheadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dícheadú; VERB::dícheadaigh
díchumtha+Verbal+Adj:díchumtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::díchumadh; VERB::díchum
díchurtha+Verbal+Adj:díchurtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::díchur; VERB::díchuir*x1*y
dífháiscthe+Verbal+Adj:dífháiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dífháscadh; VERB::dífháisc
difreáilte+Verbal+Adj:difreáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::difreáil; VERB::difreáil*x2*y
díghalraithe+Verbal+Adj:díghalraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díghalrú; VERB::díghalraigh
díhiodráitithe+Verbal+Adj:díhiodráitithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díhiodráitiú; VERB::díhiodráitigh
díláithrithe+Verbal+Adj:díláithrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díláithriú; VERB::díláithrigh*x1*y
díláraithe+Verbal+Adj:díláraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dílárú; VERB::díláraigh
díleáite+Verbal+Adj:díleáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::díleá; VERB::díleáigh
dílsithe+Verbal+Adj:dílsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dílsiú; VERB::dílsigh
díluacháilte+Verbal+Adj:díluacháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::díluacháil; VERB::díluacháil*x2*y
dínáisiúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:dínáisiúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dínáisiúnú; VERB::dínáisiúnaigh
dingthe+Verbal+Adj:dingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dingeadh; VERB::ding*x3*y
dínítriginithe+Verbal+Adj:dínítriginithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dínítriginiú; VERB::dínítriginigh*x1*y
díofa+Verbal+Adj:díofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::díobhadh; VERB::díobh*x1*y
díobháilte+Verbal+Adj:díobháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::díobháil; VERB::díobháil*x2*y
díochlaonta+Verbal+Adj:díochlaonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::díochlaonadh; VERB::díochlaon
díoghla+Verbal+Adj:díoghla	VA-INIT;	! VN::díoghail; VERB::díoghail*x2*y
díolta+Verbal+Adj:díolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::díol; VERB::díol*x2*y
díolama+Verbal+Adj:díolama	VA-INIT;	! VN::díolaim; VERB::díolaim*x2*y
diomailte+Verbal+Adj:diomailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::diomailt; VERB::diomail*x1*y
díonta+Verbal+Adj:díonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::díon; VERB::díon*x3*y
diongbháilte+Verbal+Adj:diongbháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::diongbháil; VERB::diongaibh
díorthaithe+Verbal+Adj:díorthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díorthú; VERB::díorthaigh*x2*y
diosctha+Verbal+Adj:diosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::dioscadh; VERB::diosc*x1*y
díosctha+Verbal+Adj:díosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::díoscadh; VERB::díosc*x1*y
díoscarnaí+Verbal+Adj:díoscarnaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::díoscarnach; VERB::díoscarnaigh
díospóide+Verbal+Adj:díospóide	VA-INIT;	! VN::díospóid; VERB::díospóid*x2*y
díotáilte+Verbal+Adj:díotáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::díotáil; VERB::díotáil*x2*y
díothaithe+Verbal+Adj:díothaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díothú; VERB::díothaigh*x1*y
dípholaraithe+Verbal+Adj:dípholaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dípholarú; VERB::dípholaraigh
díraonta+Verbal+Adj:díraonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::díraonadh; VERB::díraon
dírithe+Verbal+Adj:dírithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díriú; VERB::dírigh*x1*y
díscaoilte+Verbal+Adj:díscaoilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::díscaoileadh; VERB::díscaoil
díscithe+Verbal+Adj:díscithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dísciú; VERB::díscigh
díscortha+Verbal+Adj:díscortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::díscor; VERB::díscoir*x1*y
díshealbhaithe+Verbal+Adj:díshealbhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::díshealbhú; VERB::díshealbhaigh
díshlógaidh+Verbal+Adj:díshlógaidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::díshlógadh; VERB::díshlóg
díspeagtha+Verbal+Adj:díspeagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::díspeagadh; VERB::díspeag
diúgtha+Verbal+Adj:diúgtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::diúgadh; VERB::diúg*x2*y
diúil+Verbal+Adj:diúil	VA-INIT;	! VN::diúl; VERB::diúl*x2*y
diúltaithe+Verbal+Adj:diúltaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::diúltú; VERB::diúltaigh*x1*y
diúractha+Verbal+Adj:diúractha	VA-INIT;	! VN::diúracadh; VERB::diúraic*x1*y
diúscartha+Verbal+Adj:diúscartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::diúscairt; VERB::diúscair
dlisteanaithe+Verbal+Adj:dlisteanaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dlisteanú; VERB::dlisteanaigh*x1*y
dóite+Verbal+Adj:dóite	VA-INIT;	! VN::dó; VERB::dóigh*x4*y
doilfe+Verbal+Adj:doilfe	VA-INIT;	! VN::doilbheadh; VERB::doilbh*x2*y
doirte+Verbal+Adj:doirte	VA-INIT;	! VN::doirteadh; VERB::doirt*x1*y
dolta+Verbal+Adj:dolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::doladh; VERB::dol*x2*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::dord; VERB::dord*x2*y
dornáilte+Verbal+Adj:dornáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::dornáil; VERB::dornáil*x2*y
draenáilte+Verbal+Adj:draenáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::draenáil; VERB::draenáil*x2*y
drámaithe+Verbal+Adj:drámaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::drámú; VERB::drámaigh
drannta+Verbal+Adj:drannta	VA-INIT;	! VN::drannadh; VERB::drann
dreachta+Verbal+Adj:dreachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::dreachadh; VERB::dreach*x2*y
dreaptha+Verbal+Adj:dreaptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::dreapadh; VERB::dreap*x1*y
dreasaithe+Verbal+Adj:dreasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dreasú; VERB::dreasaigh
dréime+Verbal+Adj:dréime	VA-INIT;	! VN::dréim; VERB::dréim*x2*y
dreoite+Verbal+Adj:dreoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::dreo; VERB::dreoigh
driogtha+Verbal+Adj:driogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::driogadh; VERB::driog*x2*y
drithlithe+Verbal+Adj:drithlithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::drithliú; VERB::drithligh*x1*y
druidime+Verbal+Adj:druidime	VA-INIT;	! VN::druidim; VERB::druid*x2*y
druileáilte+Verbal+Adj:druileáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::druileáil; VERB::druileáil*x2*y
dualta+Verbal+Adj:dualta	VA-INIT;	! VN::dualadh; VERB::dual*x4*y
dúbailte+Verbal+Adj:dúbailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::dúbailt; VERB::dúbail*x1*y
dúbláilte+Verbal+Adj:dúbláilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::dúbláil; VERB::dúbláil*x2*y
dúchana+Verbal+Adj:dúchana	VA-INIT;	! VN::dúchan; VERB::dubhaigh*x1*y
duillithe+Verbal+Adj:duillithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::duilliú; VERB::duilligh*x1*y
dúiseachta+Verbal+Adj:dúiseachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::dúiseacht; VERB::dúisigh
dula+Verbal+Adj:dula	VA-INIT;	! VN::dul; VERB::téigh*x2*y
dúloiscthe+Verbal+Adj:dúloiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dúloscadh; VERB::dúloisc
dúnta+Verbal+Adj:dúnta	VA-INIT;	! VN::dúnadh; VERB::dún*x2*y
dúnmharaithe+Verbal+Adj:dúnmharaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::dúnmharú; VERB::dúnmharaigh
eachtraithe+Verbal+Adj:eachtraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eachtrú; VERB::eachtraigh*x1*y
éadlúthaithe+Verbal+Adj:éadlúthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éadlúthú; VERB::éadlúthaigh
eadránaithe+Verbal+Adj:eadránaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eadránú; VERB::eadránaigh*x1*y
éaduchtaithe+Verbal+Adj:éaduchtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éaduchtú; VERB::éaduchtaigh*x1*y
éaga+Verbal+Adj:éaga	VA-INIT;	! VN::éag; VERB::éag*x2*y
éagaointe+Verbal+Adj:éagaointe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éagaoineadh; VERB::éagaoin*x3*y
éagnaigh+Verbal+Adj:éagnaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::éagnach; VERB::éagnaigh*x1*y
eagraithe+Verbal+Adj:eagraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eagrú; VERB::eagraigh
éagsúlaithe+Verbal+Adj:éagsúlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éagsúlú; VERB::éagsúlaigh*x1*y
éagumasaithe+Verbal+Adj:éagumasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éagumasú; VERB::éagumasaigh*x1*y
éalaithe+Verbal+Adj:éalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éalú; VERB::éalaigh
éamha+Verbal+Adj:éamha	VA-INIT;	! VN::éamh; VERB::éigh
eamhnaithe+Verbal+Adj:eamhnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eamhnú; VERB::eamhnaigh
éartha+Verbal+Adj:éartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::éaradh; VERB::éar
earbtha+Verbal+Adj:earbtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::earbadh; VERB::earb*x1*y
earrachaithe+Verbal+Adj:earrachaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::earrachú; VERB::earrachaigh
easanálaithe+Verbal+Adj:easanálaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::easanálú; VERB::easanálaigh
easaontaithe+Verbal+Adj:easaontaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::easaontú; VERB::easaontaigh*x1*y
eascainithe+Verbal+Adj:eascainithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eascainí; VERB::eascainigh
eascartha+Verbal+Adj:eascartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::eascairt; VERB::eascair
easmailte+Verbal+Adj:easmailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::easmailt; VERB::easmail
easpórtáilte+Verbal+Adj:easpórtáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::easpórtáil; VERB::easpórtáil*x2*y
éigiontaithe+Verbal+Adj:éigiontaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éigiontú; VERB::éigiontaigh*x1*y
éignithe+Verbal+Adj:éignithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éigniú; VERB::éignigh*x1*y
éilithe+Verbal+Adj:éilithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éileamh; VERB::éiligh
éillithe+Verbal+Adj:éillithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éilliú; VERB::éilligh
éimithe+Verbal+Adj:éimithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::éimiú; VERB::éimigh
éirí+Verbal+Adj:éirí	VA-INIT;	! VN::éirí; VERB::éirigh
eiscthe+Verbal+Adj:eiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eisceadh; VERB::eisc*x1*y
eiseachadta+Verbal+Adj:eiseachadta	VA-INIT;	! VN::eiseachadadh; VERB::eiseachaid
eiste+Verbal+Adj:eiste	VA-INIT;	! VN::eiseadh; VERB::eis
eiseamláirithe+Verbal+Adj:eiseamláirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eiseamláiriú; VERB::eiseamláirigh*x1*y
eiséata+Verbal+Adj:eiséata	VA-INIT;	! VN::eiséatadh; VERB::eiséat
eisfheartha+Verbal+Adj:eisfheartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::eisfhearadh; VERB::eisfhear
eisiachtana+Verbal+Adj:eisiachtana	VA-INIT;	! VN::eisiachtain; VERB::eisiacht
eisiata+Verbal+Adj:eisiata	VA-INIT;	! VN::eisiamh; VERB::eisiaigh
eisilte+Verbal+Adj:eisilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::eisileadh; VERB::eisil
eisiúna+Verbal+Adj:eisiúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::eisiúint; VERB::eisigh*x1*y
eisreachtaithe+Verbal+Adj:eisreachtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eisreachtú; VERB::eisreachtaigh
éisteachta+Verbal+Adj:éisteachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::éisteacht; VERB::éist
eistearaithe+Verbal+Adj:eistearaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::eistearú; VERB::eistearaigh
eitigh+Verbal+Adj:eitigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::eiteach; VERB::eitigh*x1*y
eitilte+Verbal+Adj:eitilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::eitilt; VERB::eitil*x2*y
eitseáilte+Verbal+Adj:eitseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::eitseáil; VERB::eitseáil*x2*y
fachtóirithe+Verbal+Adj:fachtóirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fachtóiriú; VERB::fachtóirigh
fadaithe+Verbal+Adj:fadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fadú; VERB::fadaigh*x1*y
fadaithe+Verbal+Adj:fadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fadú; VERB::fadaigh*x2*y
fágáilte+Verbal+Adj:fágáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::fágáil; VERB::fág*x2*y
faghartha+Verbal+Adj:faghartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::faghairt; VERB::faghair
faichille+Verbal+Adj:faichille	VA-INIT;	! VN::faichill; VERB::faichill*x2*y
fáilte+Verbal+Adj:fáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::fáil; VERB::faigh
failpthe+Verbal+Adj:failpthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::failpeadh; VERB::failp*x2*y
fáiltithe+Verbal+Adj:fáiltithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fáiltiú; VERB::fáiltigh*x1*y
fáinnithe+Verbal+Adj:fáinnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fáinniú; VERB::fáinnigh*x1*y
fairí+Verbal+Adj:fairí	VA-INIT;	! VN::faire; VERB::fair
fairsingithe+Verbal+Adj:fairsingithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fairsingiú; VERB::fairsingigh
faisnéise+Verbal+Adj:faisnéise	VA-INIT;	! VN::faisnéis; VERB::faisnéis*x2*y
falsaithe+Verbal+Adj:falsaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::falsú; VERB::falsaigh
fanachta+Verbal+Adj:fanachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fanacht; VERB::fan*x1*y
fánaithe+Verbal+Adj:fánaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fánú; VERB::fánaigh*x1*y
faoiscthe+Verbal+Adj:faoiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::faoisceadh; VERB::faoisc
faofa+Verbal+Adj:faofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::faomhadh; VERB::faomh
fásta+Verbal+Adj:fásta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fás; VERB::fás*x3*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::fáscadh; VERB::fáisc
fáthmheasa+Verbal+Adj:fáthmheasa	VA-INIT;	! VN::fáthmheas; VERB::fáthmheas*x2*y
feáite+Verbal+Adj:feáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::feá; VERB::feáigh
feabhsaithe+Verbal+Adj:feabhsaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::feabhsú; VERB::feabhsaigh
feactha+Verbal+Adj:feactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::feacadh; VERB::feac*x3*y
féachana+Verbal+Adj:féachana	VA-INIT;	! VN::féachaint; VERB::féach
feallta+Verbal+Adj:feallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fealladh; VERB::feall*x2*y
feannta+Verbal+Adj:feannta	VA-INIT;	! VN::feannadh; VERB::feann
feartha+Verbal+Adj:feartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::fearadh; VERB::fear*x2*y
feiceáilte+Verbal+Adj:feiceáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::feiceáil; VERB::feic*x2*y
feidhmithe+Verbal+Adj:feidhmithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::feidhmiú; VERB::feidhmigh*x1*y
feighle+Verbal+Adj:feighle	VA-INIT;	! VN::feighil; VERB::feighil*x2*y
feiliúna+Verbal+Adj:feiliúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::feiliúint; VERB::feil
feistithe+Verbal+Adj:feistithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::feistiú; VERB::feistigh
feithimh+Verbal+Adj:feithimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::feitheamh; VERB::feith
feoite+Verbal+Adj:feoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::feo; VERB::feoigh
fite+Verbal+Adj:fite	VA-INIT;	! VN::fí; VERB::figh
fiachta+Verbal+Adj:fiachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fiach; VERB::fiach*x4*y
fiafraithe+Verbal+Adj:fiafraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fiafraí; VERB::fiafraigh
fianaithe+Verbal+Adj:fianaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fianú; VERB::fianaigh*x1*y
fiartha+Verbal+Adj:fiartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::fiaradh; VERB::fiar*x3*y
fillte+Verbal+Adj:fillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::filleadh; VERB::fill*x1*y
fíneáilte+Verbal+Adj:fíneáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::fíneáil; VERB::fíneáil*x2*y
fínithe+Verbal+Adj:fínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fíniú; VERB::fínigh
fionnta+Verbal+Adj:fionnta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fionnadh; VERB::fionn*x4*y
fionnta+Verbal+Adj:fionnta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fionnadh; VERB::fionn*x5*y
fionraí+Verbal+Adj:fionraí	VA-INIT;	! VN::fionraí; VERB::fionraigh
fíordheimhnithe+Verbal+Adj:fíordheimhnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fíordheimhniú; VERB::fíordheimhnigh
fíoraithe+Verbal+Adj:fíoraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fíorú; VERB::fíoraigh*x1*y
fíoraithe+Verbal+Adj:fíoraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fíorú; VERB::fíoraigh*x2*y
fiosraithe+Verbal+Adj:fiosraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fiosrú; VERB::fiosraigh*x1*y
fírinnithe+Verbal+Adj:fírinnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fírinniú; VERB::fírinnigh*x1*y
fiuchta+Verbal+Adj:fiuchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fiuchadh; VERB::fiuch
flípeáilte+Verbal+Adj:flípeáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::flípeáil; VERB::flípeáil*x2*y
fliuchta+Verbal+Adj:fliuchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fliuchadh; VERB::fliuch*x2*y
flosctha+Verbal+Adj:flosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::floscadh; VERB::flosc*x2*y
fluairídithe+Verbal+Adj:fluairídithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fluairídiú; VERB::fluairídigh
fóbartha+Verbal+Adj:fóbartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::fóbairt; VERB::fóbair
fodháilte+Verbal+Adj:fodháilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::fodháileadh; VERB::fodháil
fódaithe+Verbal+Adj:fódaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fódú; VERB::fódaigh*x1*y
fógartha+Verbal+Adj:fógartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::fógairt; VERB::fógair
foghlamtha+Verbal+Adj:foghlamtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::foghlaim; VERB::foghlaim*x2*y
foghlaithe+Verbal+Adj:foghlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::foghlú; VERB::foghlaigh*x1*y
foilseánaidh+Verbal+Adj:foilseánaidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::foilseánadh; VERB::foilseán*x2*y
foilsithe+Verbal+Adj:foilsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::foilsiú; VERB::foilsigh
foinsithe+Verbal+Adj:foinsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::foinsiú; VERB::foinsigh
foirceanta+Verbal+Adj:foirceanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::foirceannadh; VERB::foirceann*x2*y
fóirithinte+Verbal+Adj:fóirithinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::fóirithint; VERB::fóir*x4*y
foirmithe+Verbal+Adj:foirmithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::foirmiú; VERB::foirmigh
folta+Verbal+Adj:folta	VA-INIT;	! VN::foladh; VERB::fol*x1*y
folctha+Verbal+Adj:folctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::folcadh; VERB::folc*x2*y
foligthe+Verbal+Adj:foligthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::foligean; VERB::folig
follúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:follúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::follúnú; VERB::follúnaigh*x1*y
folmhaithe+Verbal+Adj:folmhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::folmhú; VERB::folmhaigh*x1*y
fómhais+Verbal+Adj:fómhais	VA-INIT;	! VN::fómhas; VERB::fómhais*x1*y
fónta+Verbal+Adj:fónta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fónamh; VERB::fóin*x1*y
foráilte+Verbal+Adj:foráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::foráil; VERB::foráil*x3*y
forbartha+Verbal+Adj:forbartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::forbairt; VERB::forbair
forchlóite+Verbal+Adj:forchlóite	VA-INIT;	! VN::forchló; VERB::forchlóigh
forchneasaithe+Verbal+Adj:forchneasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::forchneasú; VERB::forchneasaigh
forchoimeádta+Verbal+Adj:forchoimeádta	VA-INIT;	! VN::forchoimeád; VERB::forchoimeád*x2*y
forchoimhéadta+Verbal+Adj:forchoimhéadta	VA-INIT;	! VN::forchoimhéad; VERB::forchoimhéad*x2*y
fordhóite+Verbal+Adj:fordhóite	VA-INIT;	! VN::fordhó; VERB::fordhóigh
foréilithe+Verbal+Adj:foréilithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::foréileamh; VERB::foréiligh
forfhillte+Verbal+Adj:forfhillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::forfhilleadh; VERB::forfhill
forghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:forghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::forghabháil; VERB::forghabh
forghairme+Verbal+Adj:forghairme	VA-INIT;	! VN::forghairm; VERB::forghair
forghníomhaithe+Verbal+Adj:forghníomhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::forghníomhú; VERB::forghníomhaigh
forghonta+Verbal+Adj:forghonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::forghoin; VERB::forghoin*x2*y
foriata+Verbal+Adj:foriata	VA-INIT;	! VN::foriamh; VERB::foriaigh
forleagtha+Verbal+Adj:forleagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::forleagan; VERB::forleag
forléasta+Verbal+Adj:forléasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::forléasadh; VERB::forléas*x2*y
forleata+Verbal+Adj:forleata	VA-INIT;	! VN::forleathadh; VERB::forleath
forléirithe+Verbal+Adj:forléirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::forléiriú; VERB::forléirigh
forlíonta+Verbal+Adj:forlíonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::forlíonadh; VERB::forlíon*x2*y
forluí+Verbal+Adj:forluí	VA-INIT;	! VN::forluí; VERB::forluigh
formheasta+Verbal+Adj:formheasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::formheas; VERB::formheas*x2*y
formholta+Verbal+Adj:formholta	VA-INIT;	! VN::formholadh; VERB::formhol
formhuinithe+Verbal+Adj:formhuinithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::formhuiniú; VERB::formhuinigh
foroinnte+Verbal+Adj:foroinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::foroinnt; VERB::foroinn*x2*y
forordaithe+Verbal+Adj:forordaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::forordú; VERB::forordaigh
fortachta+Verbal+Adj:fortachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::fortacht; VERB::fortaigh
forthachta+Verbal+Adj:forthachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::forthachtadh; VERB::forthacht
forthairisceana+Verbal+Adj:forthairisceana	VA-INIT;	! VN::forthairiscint; VERB::forthairg
fostaithe+Verbal+Adj:fostaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fostú; VERB::fostaigh
fosaithe+Verbal+Adj:fosaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fosú; VERB::fosaigh
fothragtha+Verbal+Adj:fothragtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::fothragadh; VERB::fothraig
fothaithe+Verbal+Adj:fothaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fothú; VERB::fothaigh*x1*y
freagartha+Verbal+Adj:freagartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::freagairt; VERB::freagair
freangtha+Verbal+Adj:freangtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::freangadh; VERB::freang*x1*y
freaschurtha+Verbal+Adj:freaschurtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::freaschur; VERB::freaschuir*x1*y
freastalta+Verbal+Adj:freastalta	VA-INIT;	! VN::freastal; VERB::freastail*x1*y
freasaithe+Verbal+Adj:freasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::freasú; VERB::freasaigh
friochta+Verbal+Adj:friochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::friochadh; VERB::frioch*x1*y
friotháilte+Verbal+Adj:friotháilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::friotháil; VERB::friotháil*x2*y
friotaithe+Verbal+Adj:friotaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::friotú; VERB::friotaigh
frisnéise+Verbal+Adj:frisnéise	VA-INIT;	! VN::frisnéis; VERB::frisnéis*x2*y
fritháirithe+Verbal+Adj:fritháirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fritháireamh; VERB::fritháirigh
frithbhuailte+Verbal+Adj:frithbhuailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithbhualadh; VERB::frithbhuail
frithchaithimh+Verbal+Adj:frithchaithimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithchaitheamh; VERB::frithchaith
frithéilimh+Verbal+Adj:frithéilimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithéileamh; VERB::frithéiligh
frithghníomhaithe+Verbal+Adj:frithghníomhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithghníomhú; VERB::frithghníomhaigh*x1*y
frithionsaithe+Verbal+Adj:frithionsaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithionsaí; VERB::frithionsaigh
frithráite+Verbal+Adj:frithráite	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithrá; VERB::frithráigh
frithshuite+Verbal+Adj:frithshuite	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithshuí; VERB::frithshuigh
frithspréite+Verbal+Adj:frithspréite	VA-INIT;	! VN::frithspré; VERB::frithspréigh
fuadaigh+Verbal+Adj:fuadaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuadach; VERB::fuadaigh*x2*y
fuaidrimh+Verbal+Adj:fuaidrimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuaidreamh; VERB::fuaidrigh
fuáilte+Verbal+Adj:fuáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::fuáil; VERB::fuaigh*x1*y
fuaimnithe+Verbal+Adj:fuaimnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuaimniú; VERB::fuaimnigh*x1*y
fuaraithe+Verbal+Adj:fuaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuarú; VERB::fuaraigh
fuascailte+Verbal+Adj:fuascailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuascailt; VERB::fuascail
fuathaithe+Verbal+Adj:fuathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuathú; VERB::fuathaigh
fuighill+Verbal+Adj:fuighill	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuigheall; VERB::fuighill*x1*y
fuilithe+Verbal+Adj:fuilithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuiliú; VERB::fuiligh
fuillimh+Verbal+Adj:fuillimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuilleamh; VERB::fuill
fuinte+Verbal+Adj:fuinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuineadh; VERB::fuin*x1*y
fuinidh+Verbal+Adj:fuinidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuineadh; VERB::fuin*x2*y
fuirigh+Verbal+Adj:fuirigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuireach; VERB::fuirigh*x1*y
fuirste+Verbal+Adj:fuirste	VA-INIT;	! VN::fuirseadh; VERB::fuirsigh
fulaingthe+Verbal+Adj:fulaingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::fulaingt; VERB::fulaing*x1*y
gabháilte+Verbal+Adj:gabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::gabháil; VERB::gabh
gabhlaithe+Verbal+Adj:gabhlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gabhlú; VERB::gabhlaigh*x1*y
Gaelaithe+Verbal+Adj:Gaelaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::Gaelú; VERB::
gaibhnithe+Verbal+Adj:gaibhnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gaibhniú; VERB::gaibhnigh*x1*y
gaibhnithe+Verbal+Adj:gaibhnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gaibhniú; VERB::gaibhnigh*x2*y
gairdithe+Verbal+Adj:gairdithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gairdiú; VERB::gairdigh*x1*y
gáirí+Verbal+Adj:gáirí	VA-INIT;	! VN::gáire; VERB::gáir*x2*y
gairthe+Verbal+Adj:gairthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gairm; VERB::gair*x2*y
gaiste+Verbal+Adj:gaiste	VA-INIT;	! VN::gaiseadh; VERB::gais*x1*y
galldaithe+Verbal+Adj:galldaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::galldú; VERB::galldaigh
gallúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:gallúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gallúnú; VERB::gallúnaigh
galraithe+Verbal+Adj:galraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::galrú; VERB::galraigh*x1*y
galaithe+Verbal+Adj:galaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::galú; VERB::galaigh*x1*y
garbhtheilgthe+Verbal+Adj:garbhtheilgthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::garbhtheilgean; VERB::garbhtheilg
gathaithe+Verbal+Adj:gathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gathú; VERB::gathaigh*x1*y
gealta+Verbal+Adj:gealta	VA-INIT;	! VN::gealadh; VERB::geal*x3*y
geallta+Verbal+Adj:geallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::gealladh; VERB::geall*x2*y
gearáin+Verbal+Adj:gearáin	VA-INIT;	! VN::gearán; VERB::gearán*x2*y
gearrtha+Verbal+Adj:gearrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::gearradh; VERB::gearr*x3*y
géaraithe+Verbal+Adj:géaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::géarú; VERB::géaraigh
géillte+Verbal+Adj:géillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::géilleadh; VERB::géill*x1*y
geilte+Verbal+Adj:geilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::geilt; VERB::geil
geimhrithe+Verbal+Adj:geimhrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::geimhriú; VERB::geimhrigh
géimní+Verbal+Adj:géimní	VA-INIT;	! VN::géimneach; VERB::géim*x3*y
gibreachta+Verbal+Adj:gibreachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::gibreacht; VERB::gibir
ginidithe+Verbal+Adj:ginidithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ginidiú; VERB::ginidigh*x1*y
giniúna+Verbal+Adj:giniúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::giniúint; VERB::gin*x2*y
giolctha+Verbal+Adj:giolctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::giolcadh; VERB::giolc*x3*y
giolctha+Verbal+Adj:giolctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::giolcadh; VERB::giolc*x4*y
giollachta+Verbal+Adj:giollachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::giollacht; VERB::giollaigh
giorraithe+Verbal+Adj:giorraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::giorrú; VERB::giorraigh
glactha+Verbal+Adj:glactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::glacadh; VERB::glac*x2*y
glaeite+Verbal+Adj:glaeite	VA-INIT;	! VN::glae; VERB::glaeigh
glámtha+Verbal+Adj:glámtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::glámadh; VERB::glám*x2*y
glanta+Verbal+Adj:glanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::glanadh; VERB::glan*x3*y
glaoite+Verbal+Adj:glaoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::glaoch; VERB::glaoigh*x1*y
gleadhradhartha+Verbal+Adj:gleadhradhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::gleadhradh; VERB::gleadhair
gleanúna+Verbal+Adj:gleanúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::gleanúint; VERB::glean
gléasta+Verbal+Adj:gléasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::gléasadh; VERB::gléas*x3*y
glinniúna+Verbal+Adj:glinniúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::glinniúint; VERB::glinnigh*x2*y
gloinithe+Verbal+Adj:gloinithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gloiniú; VERB::gloinigh
glóirithe+Verbal+Adj:glóirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::glóiriú; VERB::glóirigh
glóraithe+Verbal+Adj:glóraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::glórú; VERB::glóraigh*x1*y
gluaiseachta+Verbal+Adj:gluaiseachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::gluaiseacht; VERB::gluais*x2*y
gnáthaithe+Verbal+Adj:gnáthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gnáthú; VERB::gnáthaigh
gníomhachtaithe+Verbal+Adj:gníomhachtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gníomhachtú; VERB::gníomhachtaigh
gníomhaithe+Verbal+Adj:gníomhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gníomhú; VERB::gníomhaigh*x1*y
gnóthaithe+Verbal+Adj:gnóthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gnóthú; VERB::gnóthaigh*x1*y
gobtha+Verbal+Adj:gobtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::gobadh; VERB::gob*x2*y
gogail+Verbal+Adj:gogail	VA-INIT;	! VN::gogal; VERB::gogail*x1*y
goidte+Verbal+Adj:goidte	VA-INIT;	! VN::goid; VERB::goid*x2*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::goin; VERB::goin*x3*y
goil+Verbal+Adj:goil	VA-INIT;	! VN::gol; VERB::goil*x1*y
gortha+Verbal+Adj:gortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::goradh; VERB::gor*x2*y
gortghlanta+Verbal+Adj:gortghlanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::gortghlanadh; VERB::gortghlan
gortaithe+Verbal+Adj:gortaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gortú; VERB::gortaigh*x1*y
gotháilte+Verbal+Adj:gotháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::gotháil; VERB::gotháil*x2*y
gráite+Verbal+Adj:gráite	VA-INIT;	! VN::grá; VERB::gráigh
grábháilte+Verbal+Adj:grábháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::grábháil; VERB::grábháil*x2*y
grádaithe+Verbal+Adj:grádaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::grádú; VERB::grádaigh*x1*y
gráinseáilte+Verbal+Adj:gráinseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::gráinseáil; VERB::gráinseáil*x2*y
gránaithe+Verbal+Adj:gránaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gránú; VERB::gránaigh*x1*y
greadta+Verbal+Adj:greadta	VA-INIT;	! VN::greadadh; VERB::gread
greamaithe+Verbal+Adj:greamaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::greamú; VERB::greamaigh
greanta+Verbal+Adj:greanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::greanadh; VERB::grean*x2*y
greannaithe+Verbal+Adj:greannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::greannú; VERB::greannaigh*x1*y
greasáilte+Verbal+Adj:greasáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::greasáil; VERB::greasáil*x2*y
gréasaithe+Verbal+Adj:gréasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gréasú; VERB::gréasaigh*x1*y
grianta+Verbal+Adj:grianta	VA-INIT;	! VN::grianadh; VERB::grian*x3*y
grianraithe+Verbal+Adj:grianraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::grianrú; VERB::grianraigh
grinnithe+Verbal+Adj:grinnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::grinniú; VERB::grinnigh
griogtha+Verbal+Adj:griogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::griogadh; VERB::griog*x2*y
griollta+Verbal+Adj:griollta	VA-INIT;	! VN::griolladh; VERB::grioll
gríosctha+Verbal+Adj:gríosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::gríoscadh; VERB::gríosc
gríosaithe+Verbal+Adj:gríosaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gríosú; VERB::gríosaigh*x1*y
griotháilte+Verbal+Adj:griotháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::griotháil; VERB::griotháil*x2*y
grodloiscthe+Verbal+Adj:grodloiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::grodloscadh; VERB::grodloisc
gróigthe+Verbal+Adj:gróigthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::gróigeadh; VERB::gróig
guíonna+Verbal+Adj:guíonna	VA-INIT;	! VN::guí; VERB::guigh
hibridithe+Verbal+Adj:hibridithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::hibridiú; VERB::hibridigh*x1*y
hidrealaithe+Verbal+Adj:hidrealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::hidrealú; VERB::hidrealaigh
hidriginithe+Verbal+Adj:hidriginithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::hidriginiú; VERB::hidriginigh*x1*y
hiodráitithe+Verbal+Adj:hiodráitithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::hiodráitiú; VERB::hiodráitigh
iachta+Verbal+Adj:iachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::iachtadh; VERB::iacht*x2*y
iata+Verbal+Adj:iata	VA-INIT;	! VN::iamh; VERB::iaigh
ianaithe+Verbal+Adj:ianaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ianú; VERB::ianaigh*x1*y
iarrata+Verbal+Adj:iarrata	VA-INIT;	! VN::iarraidh; VERB::iarr
iascaigh+Verbal+Adj:iascaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::iascach; VERB::iasc*x2*y
ibhe+Verbal+Adj:ibhe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ibhe; VERB::ibh*x1*y
idéalaithe+Verbal+Adj:idéalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::idéalú; VERB::idéalaigh*x1*y
idirchearta+Verbal+Adj:idirchearta	VA-INIT;	! VN::idircheart; VERB::idircheart*x2*y
idirchurtha+Verbal+Adj:idirchurtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirchur; VERB::idirchuir*x1*y
idirdhealaithe+Verbal+Adj:idirdhealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirdhealú; VERB::idirdhealaigh
idirghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:idirghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::idirghabháil; VERB::idirghabh
idirleata+Verbal+Adj:idirleata	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirleathadh; VERB::idirleath
idirlíthe+Verbal+Adj:idirlíthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirlíniú; VERB::idirlínigh
idirmhalartaithe+Verbal+Adj:idirmhalartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirmhalartú; VERB::idirmhalartaigh
idirscartha+Verbal+Adj:idirscartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirscaradh; VERB::idirscar
idirscortha+Verbal+Adj:idirscortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirscor; VERB::idirscoir
idirshuite+Verbal+Adj:idirshuite	VA-INIT;	! VN::idirshuí; VERB::idirshuigh
ídithe+Verbal+Adj:ídithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ídiú; VERB::
imaistrithe+Verbal+Adj:imaistrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::imaistriú; VERB::imaistrigh
imchasta+Verbal+Adj:imchasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::imchasadh; VERB::imchas
imchosanta+Verbal+Adj:imchosanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::imchosaint; VERB::imchosain
imdháilte+Verbal+Adj:imdháilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::imdháileadh; VERB::imdháil
imdheaghla+Verbal+Adj:imdheaghla	VA-INIT;	! VN::imdheaghail; VERB::imdheaghail*x2*y
imdheargtha+Verbal+Adj:imdheargtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::imdheargadh; VERB::imdhearg
imdhíonta+Verbal+Adj:imdhíonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::imdhíonadh; VERB::imdhíon
imeachta+Verbal+Adj:imeachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::imeacht; VERB::imigh
imeaglaithe+Verbal+Adj:imeaglaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::imeaglú; VERB::imeaglaigh*x1*y
imeasctha+Verbal+Adj:imeasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::imeascadh; VERB::imeasc*x1*y
imghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:imghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::imghabháil; VERB::imghabh
imeartha+Verbal+Adj:imeartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::imirt; VERB::imir*x2*y
imoibrithe+Verbal+Adj:imoibrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::imoibriú; VERB::imoibrigh
imphléasctha+Verbal+Adj:imphléasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::imphléascadh; VERB::imphléasc
impíocha+Verbal+Adj:impíocha	VA-INIT;	! VN::impí; VERB::impigh
imrothlaithe+Verbal+Adj:imrothlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::imrothlú; VERB::imrothlaigh*x1*y
imscartha+Verbal+Adj:imscartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::imscaradh; VERB::imscar
imscríofa+Verbal+Adj:imscríofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::imscríobh; VERB::imscríobh*x2*y
imscrúdaithe+Verbal+Adj:imscrúdaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::imscrúdú; VERB::imscrúdaigh
imshuite+Verbal+Adj:imshuite	VA-INIT;	! VN::imshuí; VERB::imshuigh
imthairisceana+Verbal+Adj:imthairisceana	VA-INIT;	! VN::imthairiscint; VERB::imthairg
imtharraingthe+Verbal+Adj:imtharraingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::imtharraingt; VERB::imtharraing
imtheorannaithe+Verbal+Adj:imtheorannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::imtheorannú; VERB::imtheorannaigh
imthnútha+Verbal+Adj:imthnútha	VA-INIT;	! VN::imthnúth; VERB::imthnúth*x2*y
imthreascartha+Verbal+Adj:imthreascartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::imthreascairt; VERB::imthreascair
inbhéartaithe+Verbal+Adj:inbhéartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::inbhéartú; VERB::inbhéartaigh
inchreachaidh+Verbal+Adj:inchreachaidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::inchreachadh; VERB::inchreach
indibhidithe+Verbal+Adj:indibhidithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::indibhidiú; VERB::indibhidigh
infheistithe+Verbal+Adj:infheistithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::infheistiú; VERB::infheistigh
infhillte+Verbal+Adj:infhillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::infhilleadh; VERB::infhill
inghreime+Verbal+Adj:inghreime	VA-INIT;	! VN::inghreim; VERB::inghreim*x2*y
iniata+Verbal+Adj:iniata	VA-INIT;	! VN::iniamh; VERB::iniaigh
iniúchta+Verbal+Adj:iniúchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::iniúchadh; VERB::iniúch
innealta+Verbal+Adj:innealta	VA-INIT;	! VN::inleadh; VERB::innill*x2*y
inphléasctha+Verbal+Adj:inphléasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::inphléascadh; VERB::inphléasc
insealbhaithe+Verbal+Adj:insealbhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::insealbhú; VERB::insealbhaigh
inseamhnaithe+Verbal+Adj:inseamhnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::inseamhnú; VERB::inseamhnaigh
insilte+Verbal+Adj:insilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::insileadh; VERB::insil
inste+Verbal+Adj:inste	VA-INIT;	! VN::insint; VERB::inis*x2*y
insíothlaithe+Verbal+Adj:insíothlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::insíothlú; VERB::insíothlaigh
inslithe+Verbal+Adj:inslithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::insliú; VERB::insligh
insteallta+Verbal+Adj:insteallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::instealladh; VERB::insteall
íobartha+Verbal+Adj:íobartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::íobairt; VERB::íobair
íoctha+Verbal+Adj:íoctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::íoc; VERB::íoc*x3*y
íoca+Verbal+Adj:íoca	VA-INIT;	! VN::íoc; VERB::íoc*x4*y
iolraithe+Verbal+Adj:iolraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iolrú; VERB::iolraigh*x1*y
iomadaithe+Verbal+Adj:iomadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iomadú; VERB::iomadaigh
iomalartaithe+Verbal+Adj:iomalartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iomalartú; VERB::iomalartaigh*x1*y
iomardaithe+Verbal+Adj:iomardaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iomardú; VERB::iomardaigh*x1*y
iombháite+Verbal+Adj:iombháite	VA-INIT;	! VN::iombhá; VERB::iombháigh
iomlánaithe+Verbal+Adj:iomlánaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iomlánú; VERB::iomlánaigh*x1*y
iomlasctha+Verbal+Adj:iomlasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::iomlasc; VERB::iomlaisc*x1*y
iomluaite+Verbal+Adj:iomluaite	VA-INIT;	! VN::iomlua; VERB::iomluaigh
iompartha+Verbal+Adj:iompartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::iompar; VERB::iompair*x1*y
iompórtáilte+Verbal+Adj:iompórtáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::iompórtáil; VERB::iompórtáil*x2*y
iompaithe+Verbal+Adj:iompaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iompú; VERB::iompaigh
iomramartha+Verbal+Adj:iomramartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::iomramh; VERB::iomair
ionaclaithe+Verbal+Adj:ionaclaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionaclú; VERB::ionaclaigh
ionadaithe+Verbal+Adj:ionadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionadú; VERB::ionadaigh*x1*y
ionannaithe+Verbal+Adj:ionannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionannú; VERB::ionannaigh
ionchoirithe+Verbal+Adj:ionchoirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionchoiriú; VERB::ionchoirigh
ionchúisimh+Verbal+Adj:ionchúisimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionchúiseamh; VERB::ionchúisigh
íonghlanta+Verbal+Adj:íonghlanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::íonghlanadh; VERB::íonghlan
ionnalta+Verbal+Adj:ionnalta	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionladh; VERB::ionnail*x1*y
ionnarbtha+Verbal+Adj:ionnarbtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionnarbadh; VERB::ionnarb
ionramháilte+Verbal+Adj:ionramháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::ionramháil; VERB::ionramháil*x2*y
ionsáite+Verbal+Adj:ionsáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionsá; VERB::ionsáigh
ionsaithe+Verbal+Adj:ionsaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionsaí; VERB::ionsaigh
ionsúite+Verbal+Adj:ionsúite	VA-INIT;	! VN::ionsú; VERB::ionsúigh
iontaisithe+Verbal+Adj:iontaisithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iontaisiú; VERB::iontaisigh*x1*y
iontonaithe+Verbal+Adj:iontonaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::iontonú; VERB::iontonaigh
iontráilte+Verbal+Adj:iontráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::iontráil; VERB::iontráil*x2*y
íonaithe+Verbal+Adj:íonaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::íonú; VERB::íonaigh
íoschéimnithe+Verbal+Adj:íoschéimnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::íoschéimniú; VERB::íoschéimnigh*x1*y
íospartha+Verbal+Adj:íospartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::íospairt; VERB::íospair
íslithe+Verbal+Adj:íslithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ísliú; VERB::ísligh
ite+Verbal+Adj:ite	VA-INIT;	! VN::ithe; VERB::ith*x1*y
labhartha+Verbal+Adj:labhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::labhairt; VERB::labhair
láchana+Verbal+Adj:láchana	VA-INIT;	! VN::láchan; VERB::láigh
ládáilte+Verbal+Adj:ládáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::ládáil; VERB::ládáil*x2*y
laghdaithe+Verbal+Adj:laghdaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::laghdú; VERB::laghdaigh
lagaithe+Verbal+Adj:lagaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lagú; VERB::lagaigh
Laidinithe+Verbal+Adj:Laidinithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::Laidiniú; VERB::
láimhseáilte+Verbal+Adj:láimhseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::láimhseáil; VERB::láimhseáil*x2*y
láimhsithe+Verbal+Adj:láimhsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::láimhsiú; VERB::láimhsigh
laiste+Verbal+Adj:laiste	VA-INIT;	! VN::láisteadh; VERB::láist
lámhaigh+Verbal+Adj:lámhaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::lámhach; VERB::lámhach*x2*y
lamháilte+Verbal+Adj:lamháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::lamháil; VERB::lamháil*x2*y
lámhscaoilte+Verbal+Adj:lámhscaoilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::lámhscaoileadh; VERB::lámhscaoil
lannaithe+Verbal+Adj:lannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lannú; VERB::lannaigh*x1*y
lánscoir+Verbal+Adj:lánscoir	VA-INIT;	! VN::lánscor; VERB::lánscoir*x1*y
láraithe+Verbal+Adj:láraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lárú; VERB::láraigh
lasta+Verbal+Adj:lasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::lasadh; VERB::las
lasctha+Verbal+Adj:lasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::lascadh; VERB::lasc*x2*y
leáite+Verbal+Adj:leáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::leá; VERB::leáigh*x1*y
leabhbartha+Verbal+Adj:leabhbartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::leabhbairt; VERB::leadhbair
leachtaithe+Verbal+Adj:leachtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::leachtú; VERB::leachtaigh*x1*y
leadhbartha+Verbal+Adj:leadhbartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::leadhbairt; VERB::leadhbair
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::leadradh; VERB::leadair
leagtha+Verbal+Adj:leagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::leagan; VERB::leag*x1*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::léamh; VERB::léigh
leanúna+Verbal+Adj:leanúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::leanúint; VERB::lean
léasta+Verbal+Adj:léasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::léasadh; VERB::léas*x4*y
leaschraolta+Verbal+Adj:leaschraolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::leaschraoladh; VERB::leaschraol
leasaithe+Verbal+Adj:leasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::leasú; VERB::leasaigh
leata+Verbal+Adj:leata	VA-INIT;	! VN::leathadh; VERB::leath*x2*y
leathnaithe+Verbal+Adj:leathnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::leathnú; VERB::leathnaigh
leictreachlóite+Verbal+Adj:leictreachlóite	VA-INIT;	! VN::leictreachló; VERB::leictreachlóigh
leictrealaithe+Verbal+Adj:leictrealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::leictrealú; VERB::leictrealaigh
leictrithe+Verbal+Adj:leictrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::leictriú; VERB::leictrigh*x1*y
leighis+Verbal+Adj:leighis	VA-INIT;	! VN::leigheas; VERB::leigheas*x2*y
léime+Verbal+Adj:léime	VA-INIT;	! VN::léim; VERB::léim*x2*y
léirbhreithnithe+Verbal+Adj:léirbhreithnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::léirbhreithniú; VERB::léirbhreithnigh
léirchruthaithe+Verbal+Adj:léirchruthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::léirchruthú; VERB::léirchruthaigh
léirghona+Verbal+Adj:léirghona	VA-INIT;	! VN::léirghoin; VERB::léirghoin*x2*y
léirithe+Verbal+Adj:léirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::léiriú; VERB::léirigh*x1*y
léirithe+Verbal+Adj:léirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::léiriú; VERB::léirigh*x2*y
léirmhínithe+Verbal+Adj:léirmhínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::léirmhíniú; VERB::léirmhínigh
léirscriosta+Verbal+Adj:léirscriosta	VA-INIT;	! VN::léirscrios; VERB::léirscrios*x2*y
léirsithe+Verbal+Adj:léirsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::léirsiú; VERB::léirsigh
léirsmaoinimh+Verbal+Adj:léirsmaoinimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::léirsmaoineamh; VERB::léirsmaoinigh
leithghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:leithghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::leithghabháil; VERB::leithghabh
leithlisithe+Verbal+Adj:leithlisithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::leithlisiú; VERB::leithlisigh*x1*y
leithreasaithe+Verbal+Adj:leithreasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::leithreasú; VERB::leithreasaigh
leithroinnte+Verbal+Adj:leithroinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::leithroinnt; VERB::leithroinn
leonta+Verbal+Adj:leonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::leonadh; VERB::leon*x2*y
lí+Verbal+Adj:lí	VA-INIT;	! VN::lí; VERB::ligh
liata+Verbal+Adj:liata	VA-INIT;	! VN::liathadh; VERB::liath*x3*y
ligthe+Verbal+Adj:ligthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ligean; VERB::lig
líneáilte+Verbal+Adj:líneáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::líneáil; VERB::líneáil*x2*y
lingthe+Verbal+Adj:lingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lingeadh; VERB::ling
línithe+Verbal+Adj:línithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::líniú; VERB::línigh*x1*y
líofa+Verbal+Adj:líofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::líomhadh; VERB::líomh
líomhna+Verbal+Adj:líomhna	VA-INIT;	! VN::líomhain; VERB::líomhain*x2*y
líonta+Verbal+Adj:líonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::líonadh; VERB::líon*x5*y
liostáilte+Verbal+Adj:liostáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::liostáil; VERB::liostáil*x2*y
litrithe+Verbal+Adj:litrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::litriú; VERB::litrigh
liúnna+Verbal+Adj:liúnna	VA-INIT;	! VN::liú; VERB::liúigh*x1*y
liúdráilte+Verbal+Adj:liúdráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::liúdráil; VERB::liúdráil*x2*y
liúrtha+Verbal+Adj:liúrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::liúradh; VERB::liúr*x2*y
lofa+Verbal+Adj:lofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::lobhadh; VERB::lobh
loctha+Verbal+Adj:loctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::locadh; VERB::loc*x3*y
locáilte+Verbal+Adj:locáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::locáil; VERB::locáil*x2*y
lochtaithe+Verbal+Adj:lochtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lochtú; VERB::lochtaigh*x1*y
lódáilte+Verbal+Adj:lódáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::lódáil; VERB::lódáil*x2*y
loghtha+Verbal+Adj:loghtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::loghadh; VERB::logh
loicthe+Verbal+Adj:loicthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::loiceadh; VERB::loic*x1*y
lomtha+Verbal+Adj:lomtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::lomadh; VERB::lom*x3*y
lomartha+Verbal+Adj:lomartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::lomairt; VERB::lomair
lonnaithe+Verbal+Adj:lonnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lonnú; VERB::lonnaigh*x1*y
lonnaithe+Verbal+Adj:lonnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lonnú; VERB::lonnaigh*x2*y
lónaithe+Verbal+Adj:lónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::lónú; VERB::lónaigh
lorgtha+Verbal+Adj:lorgtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::lorg; VERB::lorg*x2*y
loiscthe+Verbal+Adj:loiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::loscadh; VERB::loisc
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::lot; VERB::loit*x1*y
luaite+Verbal+Adj:luaite	VA-INIT;	! VN::lua; VERB::luaigh
luacháilte+Verbal+Adj:luacháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::luacháil; VERB::luacháil*x2*y
luasctha+Verbal+Adj:luasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::luascadh; VERB::luasc*x2*y
luasghéaraithe+Verbal+Adj:luasghéaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::luasghéarú; VERB::luasghéaraigh
luasmhoillithe+Verbal+Adj:luasmhoillithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::luasmhoilliú; VERB::luasmhoilligh
luathaithe+Verbal+Adj:luathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::luathú; VERB::luathaigh
lúbtha+Verbal+Adj:lúbtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::lúbadh; VERB::lúb*x2*y
luchtaithe+Verbal+Adj:luchtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::luchtú; VERB::luchtaigh
luite+Verbal+Adj:luite	VA-INIT;	! VN::luí; VERB::luigh*x1*y
luighe+Verbal+Adj:luighe	VA-INIT;	! VN::luighe; VERB::luigh*x2*y
lútáilte+Verbal+Adj:lútáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::lútáil; VERB::lútáil*x3*y
macasamhlaithe+Verbal+Adj:macasamhlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::macasamhlú; VERB::macasamhlaigh
máchailithe+Verbal+Adj:máchailithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::máchailiú; VERB::máchailigh*x1*y
machnaimh+Verbal+Adj:machnaimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::machnamh; VERB::machnaigh
madhmtha+Verbal+Adj:madhmtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::madhmadh; VERB::maidhm*x2*y
maighnéadaithe+Verbal+Adj:maighnéadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::maighnéadú; VERB::maighnéadaigh*x1*y
mainneachtana+Verbal+Adj:mainneachtana	VA-INIT;	! VN::mainneachtain; VERB::mainnigh
maíte+Verbal+Adj:maíte	VA-INIT;	! VN::maíomh; VERB::maígh*x1*y
maireachtáilte+Verbal+Adj:maireachtáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::maireachtáil; VERB::mair
máirseáilte+Verbal+Adj:máirseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::máirseáil; VERB::máirseáil*x2*y
maisithe+Verbal+Adj:maisithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::maisiú; VERB::maisigh
máistreachta+Verbal+Adj:máistreachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::máistreacht; VERB::máistrigh
maistridh+Verbal+Adj:maistridh	VA-INIT;	! VN::maistreadh; VERB::maistrigh
maite+Verbal+Adj:maite	VA-INIT;	! VN::maitheamh; VERB::maith*x3*y
malartaithe+Verbal+Adj:malartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::malartú; VERB::malartaigh*x1*y
malgamaithe+Verbal+Adj:malgamaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::malgamú; VERB::malgamaigh
mallaithe+Verbal+Adj:mallaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mallú; VERB::mallaigh*x1*y
mantaithe+Verbal+Adj:mantaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mantú; VERB::mantaigh*x1*y
maoinithe+Verbal+Adj:maoinithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::maoiniú; VERB::maoinigh*x1*y
maolaithe+Verbal+Adj:maolaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::maolú; VERB::maolaigh
maothaithe+Verbal+Adj:maothaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::maothú; VERB::maothaigh
marcaíochta+Verbal+Adj:marcaíochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::marcaíocht; VERB::marcaigh*x1*y
maraithe+Verbal+Adj:maraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::marú; VERB::maraigh*x1*y
meáite+Verbal+Adj:meáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::meá; VERB::meáigh
meabhlaithe+Verbal+Adj:meabhlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::meabhlú; VERB::meabhlaigh*x1*y
meabhraithe+Verbal+Adj:meabhraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::meabhrú; VERB::meabhraigh*x1*y
méadraithe+Verbal+Adj:méadraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::méadrú; VERB::méadraigh
méadaithe+Verbal+Adj:méadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::méadú; VERB::méadaigh
meallta+Verbal+Adj:meallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::mealladh; VERB::meall*x2*y
meánchoimrithe+Verbal+Adj:meánchoimrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::meánchoimriú; VERB::meánchoimrigh
mearaithe+Verbal+Adj:mearaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mearú; VERB::mearaigh
measa+Verbal+Adj:measa	VA-INIT;	! VN::meas; VERB::meas*x3*y
measctha+Verbal+Adj:measctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::meascadh; VERB::measc*x2*y
measúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:measúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::measúnú; VERB::measúnaigh*x1*y
meatha+Verbal+Adj:meatha	VA-INIT;	! VN::meath; VERB::meath*x2*y
meathlaithe+Verbal+Adj:meathlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::meathlú; VERB::meathlaigh*x1*y
meicnithe+Verbal+Adj:meicnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::meicniú; VERB::meicnigh
meilte+Verbal+Adj:meilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::meilt; VERB::meil
meirbhlithe+Verbal+Adj:meirbhlithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::meirbhliú; VERB::meirbhligh
mianraithe+Verbal+Adj:mianraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mianrú; VERB::mianraigh*x1*y
mianaithe+Verbal+Adj:mianaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mianú; VERB::mianaigh*x1*y
míchóirithe+Verbal+Adj:míchóirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::míchóiriú; VERB::míchóirigh
mídhílsithe+Verbal+Adj:mídhílsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mídhílsiú; VERB::mídhílsigh
mífhuaimnithe+Verbal+Adj:mífhuaimnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mífhuaimniú; VERB::mífhuaimnigh
millte+Verbal+Adj:millte	VA-INIT;	! VN::milleadh; VERB::mill*x2*y
mímheasa+Verbal+Adj:mímheasa	VA-INIT;	! VN::mímheas; VERB::mímheas*x2*y
mímhínithe+Verbal+Adj:mímhínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mímhíniú; VERB::mímhínigh
mímholta+Verbal+Adj:mímholta	VA-INIT;	! VN::mímholadh; VERB::mímhol
mineastráilte+Verbal+Adj:mineastráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::mineastráil; VERB::mineastráil*x2*y
mínithe+Verbal+Adj:mínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::míniú; VERB::mínigh
míntírithe+Verbal+Adj:míntírithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::míntíriú; VERB::míntírigh
mionathraithe+Verbal+Adj:mionathraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionathrú; VERB::mionathraigh
mionbhreactha+Verbal+Adj:mionbhreactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionbhreacadh; VERB::mionbhreac
miondealaithe+Verbal+Adj:miondealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::miondealú; VERB::miondealaigh
miondíola+Verbal+Adj:miondíola	VA-INIT;	! VN::miondíol; VERB::miondíol*x2*y
mionghearrtha+Verbal+Adj:mionghearrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionghearradh; VERB::mionghearr
mionleasaithe+Verbal+Adj:mionleasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionleasú; VERB::mionleasaigh
mionnaithe+Verbal+Adj:mionnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionnú; VERB::mionnaigh*x1*y
mionroinnte+Verbal+Adj:mionroinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionroinnt; VERB::mionroinn
mionsaothraithe+Verbal+Adj:mionsaothraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionsaothrú; VERB::mionsaothraigh
mionscrúdaithe+Verbal+Adj:mionscrúdaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionscrúdú; VERB::mionscrúdaigh
mionteagaisc+Verbal+Adj:mionteagaisc	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionteagasc; VERB::mionteagasc*x2*y
mionaithe+Verbal+Adj:mionaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mionú; VERB::mionaigh
míostraithe+Verbal+Adj:míostraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::míostrú; VERB::míostraigh
miotalaithe+Verbal+Adj:miotalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::miotalú; VERB::miotalaigh*x1*y
mírialaithe+Verbal+Adj:mírialaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mírialú; VERB::mírialaigh
míriartha+Verbal+Adj:míriartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::míriaradh; VERB::míriar*x2*y
míshásta+Verbal+Adj:míshásta	VA-INIT;	! VN::míshásamh; VERB::míshásaigh
mísheolta+Verbal+Adj:mísheolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::mísheoladh; VERB::mísheol
misnithe+Verbal+Adj:misnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::misniú; VERB::misnigh*x2*y
míthreoraithe+Verbal+Adj:míthreoraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::míthreorú; VERB::míthreoraigh*x1*y
modhnaithe+Verbal+Adj:modhnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::modhnú; VERB::modhnaigh
moillithe+Verbal+Adj:moillithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::moilliú; VERB::moilligh
moirtnithe+Verbal+Adj:moirtnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::moirtniú; VERB::moirtnigh
molta+Verbal+Adj:molta	VA-INIT;	! VN::moladh; VERB::mol*x2*y
monaplaithe+Verbal+Adj:monaplaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::monaplú; VERB::monaplaigh
mórtha+Verbal+Adj:mórtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::móradh; VERB::mór*x4*y
morgtha+Verbal+Adj:morgtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::morgadh; VERB::morg
mótaraithe+Verbal+Adj:mótaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mótarú; VERB::mótaraigh*x1*y
mothaithe+Verbal+Adj:mothaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::mothú; VERB::mothaigh
múchta+Verbal+Adj:múchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::múchadh; VERB::múch*x2*y
múchghlanta+Verbal+Adj:múchghlanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::múchghlanadh; VERB::múchghlan
múinte+Verbal+Adj:múinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::múineadh; VERB::múin*x1*y
múin+Verbal+Adj:múin	VA-INIT;	! VN::mún; VERB::mún*x2*y
mungailte+Verbal+Adj:mungailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::mungailt; VERB::mungail
múnlaithe+Verbal+Adj:múnlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::múnlú; VERB::múnlaigh*x2*y
múráilte+Verbal+Adj:múráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::múráil; VERB::múráil*x2*y
múscailte+Verbal+Adj:múscailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::múscailt; VERB::múscail
náirithe+Verbal+Adj:náirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::náiriú; VERB::náirigh*x1*y
náisiúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:náisiúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::náisiúnú; VERB::náisiúnaigh*x1*y
naomhainmnithe+Verbal+Adj:naomhainmnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::naomhainmniú; VERB::naomhainmnigh
naomhaithe+Verbal+Adj:naomhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::naomhú; VERB::naomhaigh
nasctha+Verbal+Adj:nasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::nascadh; VERB::nasc*x2*y
neadaithe+Verbal+Adj:neadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::neadú; VERB::neadaigh
néalaithe+Verbal+Adj:néalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::néalú; VERB::néalaigh
neamhbhailithe+Verbal+Adj:neamhbhailithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::neamhbhailiú; VERB::neamhbhailigh*x1*y
neamhnithe+Verbal+Adj:neamhnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::neamhniú; VERB::neamhnigh
neartaithe+Verbal+Adj:neartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::neartú; VERB::neartaigh
neodraithe+Verbal+Adj:neodraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::neodrú; VERB::neodraigh*x1*y
nite+Verbal+Adj:nite	VA-INIT;	! VN::ní; VERB::nigh
nimhithe+Verbal+Adj:nimhithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::nimhiú; VERB::nimhigh
nochta+Verbal+Adj:nochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::nochtadh; VERB::nocht*x3*y
nódaithe+Verbal+Adj:nódaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::nódú; VERB::nódaigh*x1*y
nogtha+Verbal+Adj:nogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::nogadh; VERB::nog
núicléataithe+Verbal+Adj:núicléataithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::núicléatú; VERB::núicléataigh*x1*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::obadh; VERB::ob*x1*y
ocsaídithe+Verbal+Adj:ocsaídithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ocsaídiú; VERB::ocsaídigh*x1*y
ocsaiginithe+Verbal+Adj:ocsaiginithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ocsaiginiú; VERB::ocsaiginigh*x1*y
ofráilte+Verbal+Adj:ofráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::ofráil; VERB::ofráil*x2*y
oibrithe+Verbal+Adj:oibrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::oibriú; VERB::oibrigh
oighrithe+Verbal+Adj:oighrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::oighriú; VERB::oighrigh*x1*y
oiliúna+Verbal+Adj:oiliúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::oiliúint; VERB::oil*x2*y
oirisimh+Verbal+Adj:oirisimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::oiriseamh; VERB::oiris*x3*y
oiriúna+Verbal+Adj:oiriúna	VA-INIT;	! VN::oiriúint; VERB::oir
oiriúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:oiriúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::oiriúnú; VERB::oiriúnaigh*x1*y
oirneachaidh+Verbal+Adj:oirneachaidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::oirneachadh; VERB::oirnigh*x2*y
oirnéalta+Verbal+Adj:oirnéalta	VA-INIT;	! VN::oirnéaladh; VERB::oirnéal
oirnithe+Verbal+Adj:oirnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::oirniú; VERB::oirnigh*x1*y
ólta+Verbal+Adj:ólta	VA-INIT;	! VN::ól; VERB::ól*x2*y
olltáirgthe+Verbal+Adj:olltáirgthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::olltáirgeadh; VERB::olltáirg
onnmhairithe+Verbal+Adj:onnmhairithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::onnmhairiú; VERB::onnmhairigh
onóraithe+Verbal+Adj:onóraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::onórú; VERB::onóraigh*x1*y
ordaithe+Verbal+Adj:ordaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ordú; VERB::ordaigh
ornaithe+Verbal+Adj:ornaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ornú; VERB::ornaigh
oscailte+Verbal+Adj:oscailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::oscailt; VERB::oscail
osnaíola+Verbal+Adj:osnaíola	VA-INIT;	! VN::osnaíl; VERB::osnaigh
othrasaithe+Verbal+Adj:othrasaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::othrasú; VERB::othrasaigh*x1*y
ózónaithe+Verbal+Adj:ózónaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ózónú; VERB::ózónaigh
pábháilte+Verbal+Adj:pábháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::pábháil; VERB::pábháil*x2*y
pacáilte+Verbal+Adj:pacáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::pacáil; VERB::pacáil*x2*y
pailnithe+Verbal+Adj:pailnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::pailniú; VERB::pailnigh
páirtithe+Verbal+Adj:páirtithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::páirtiú; VERB::páirtigh*x1*y
paisteáilte+Verbal+Adj:paisteáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::paisteáil; VERB::paisteáil*x2*y
palataithe+Verbal+Adj:palataithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::palatú; VERB::palataigh
péactha+Verbal+Adj:péactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::péacadh; VERB::péac*x2*y
péinteáilte+Verbal+Adj:péinteáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::péinteáil; VERB::péinteáil*x2*y
pianta+Verbal+Adj:pianta	VA-INIT;	! VN::pianadh; VERB::pian*x2*y
picilte+Verbal+Adj:picilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::picilt; VERB::picil*x2*y
pioctha+Verbal+Adj:pioctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::piocadh; VERB::pioc*x2*y
pionósaithe+Verbal+Adj:pionósaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::pionósú; VERB::pionósaigh*x1*y
pláite+Verbal+Adj:pláite	VA-INIT;	! VN::plá; VERB::pláigh*x1*y
plactha+Verbal+Adj:plactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::placadh; VERB::plac*x1*y
planctha+Verbal+Adj:planctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::plancadh; VERB::planc*x3*y
plandáilte+Verbal+Adj:plandáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::plandáil; VERB::plandáil*x2*y
plátáilte+Verbal+Adj:plátáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::plátáil; VERB::plátáil*x2*y
pléite+Verbal+Adj:pléite	VA-INIT;	! VN::plé; VERB::pléigh
pléadáilte+Verbal+Adj:pléadáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::pléadáil; VERB::pléadáil*x2*y
pléasctha+Verbal+Adj:pléasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::pléascadh; VERB::pléasc*x2*y
plódaithe+Verbal+Adj:plódaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::plódú; VERB::plódaigh
plúchta+Verbal+Adj:plúchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::plúchadh; VERB::plúch
plúraithe+Verbal+Adj:plúraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::plúrú; VERB::plúraigh*x1*y
pocléime+Verbal+Adj:pocléime	VA-INIT;	! VN::pocléim; VERB::pocléim*x2*y
podsalaithe+Verbal+Adj:podsalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::podsalú; VERB::podsalaigh*x1*y
poiblithe+Verbal+Adj:poiblithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::poibliú; VERB::poibligh
polaraithe+Verbal+Adj:polaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::polarú; VERB::polaraigh
pollta+Verbal+Adj:pollta	VA-INIT;	! VN::polladh; VERB::poll*x2*y
poncloiscthe+Verbal+Adj:poncloiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::poncloscadh; VERB::poncloisc
poncaithe+Verbal+Adj:poncaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::poncú; VERB::poncaigh
póraithe+Verbal+Adj:póraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::pórú; VERB::póraigh
pósta+Verbal+Adj:pósta	VA-INIT;	! VN::pósadh; VERB::pós
postaláidithe+Verbal+Adj:postaláidithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::postaláidiú; VERB::postaláidigh
postaithe+Verbal+Adj:postaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::postú; VERB::postaigh
preabtha+Verbal+Adj:preabtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::preabadh; VERB::preab*x2*y
preasáilte+Verbal+Adj:preasáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::preasáil; VERB::preasáil*x2*y
prioctha+Verbal+Adj:prioctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::priocadh; VERB::prioc*x1*y
príosúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:príosúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::príosúnú; VERB::príosúnaigh*x1*y
prólaiféaraithe+Verbal+Adj:prólaiféaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::prólaiféarú; VERB::prólaiféaraigh*x1*y
profa+Verbal+Adj:profa	VA-INIT;	! VN::promhadh; VERB::promh
púdraithe+Verbal+Adj:púdraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::púdrú; VERB::púdraigh*x1*y
púitseáilte+Verbal+Adj:púitseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::púitseáil; VERB::púitseáil*x2*y
pulctha+Verbal+Adj:pulctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::pulcadh; VERB::pulc
pupaithe+Verbal+Adj:pupaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::pupú; VERB::pupaigh*x1*y
purgaithe+Verbal+Adj:purgaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::purgú; VERB::purgaigh
ráite+Verbal+Adj:ráite	VA-INIT;	! VN::rá; VERB::abair*x1*y
racáilte+Verbal+Adj:racáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::racáil; VERB::racáil*x2*y
rácáilte+Verbal+Adj:rácáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::rácáil; VERB::rácáil*x2*y
radta+Verbal+Adj:radta	VA-INIT;	! VN::radadh; VERB::rad*x2*y
radaithe+Verbal+Adj:radaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::radú; VERB::radaigh
raiceáilte+Verbal+Adj:raiceáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::raiceáil; VERB::raiceáil*x2*y
rámhaíochta+Verbal+Adj:rámhaíochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::rámhaíocht; VERB::rámhaigh*x1*y
ramhraithe+Verbal+Adj:ramhraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ramhrú; VERB::ramhraigh
rangaithe+Verbal+Adj:rangaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rangú; VERB::rangaigh
ransaithe+Verbal+Adj:ransaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ransú; VERB::ransaigh
rásáilte+Verbal+Adj:rásáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::rásáil; VERB::rásáil*x2*y
rathaithe+Verbal+Adj:rathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rathú; VERB::rathaigh*x2*y
réabtha+Verbal+Adj:réabtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::réabadh; VERB::réab*x1*y
reachtaithe+Verbal+Adj:reachtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::reachtú; VERB::reachtaigh*x1*y
réadtiomnaithe+Verbal+Adj:réadtiomnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réadtiomnú; VERB::réadtiomnaigh
réadaithe+Verbal+Adj:réadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réadú; VERB::réadaigh*x1*y
réalta+Verbal+Adj:réalta	VA-INIT;	! VN::réaladh; VERB::réal*x2*y
réamhbheartaithe+Verbal+Adj:réamhbheartaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhbheartú; VERB::réamhbheartaigh
réamhcheaptha+Verbal+Adj:réamhcheaptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhcheapadh; VERB::réamhcheap
réamhchinnte+Verbal+Adj:réamhchinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhchinneadh; VERB::réamhchinn
réamhchinntithe+Verbal+Adj:réamhchinntithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhchinntiú; VERB::réamhchinntigh
réamhdhéanta+Verbal+Adj:réamhdhéanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhdhéanamh; VERB::réamhdhéan
réamhghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:réamhghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::réamhghabháil; VERB::réamhghabh
réamhinste+Verbal+Adj:réamhinste	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhinsint; VERB::réamhinis
réamhleagtha+Verbal+Adj:réamhleagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhleagan; VERB::réamhleag
réamhordaithe+Verbal+Adj:réamhordaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhordú; VERB::réamhordaigh
réamhshocraithe+Verbal+Adj:réamhshocraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réamhshocrú; VERB::réamhshocraigh
réasúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:réasúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réasúnú; VERB::réasúnaigh*x1*y
reiceanna+Verbal+Adj:reiceanna	VA-INIT;	! VN::reic; VERB::reic*x2*y
réimnithe+Verbal+Adj:réimnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réimniú; VERB::réimnigh
réitigh+Verbal+Adj:réitigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::réiteach; VERB::réitigh*x1*y
reo+Verbal+Adj:reo	VA-INIT;	! VN::reo; VERB::reoigh
réscaipthe+Verbal+Adj:réscaipthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::réscaipeadh; VERB::réscaip
ríthe+Verbal+Adj:ríthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rí; VERB::rígh*x1*y
riaghtha+Verbal+Adj:riaghtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::riaghadh; VERB::riagh
rialaithe+Verbal+Adj:rialaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rialú; VERB::rialaigh
rianaithe+Verbal+Adj:rianaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rianú; VERB::rianaigh*x1*y
riartha+Verbal+Adj:riartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::riar; VERB::riar*x2*y
riastáilte+Verbal+Adj:riastáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::riastáil; VERB::riastáil
ribthe+Verbal+Adj:ribthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ribeadh; VERB::rib
rillte+Verbal+Adj:rillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::rilleadh; VERB::rill
rincí+Verbal+Adj:rincí	VA-INIT;	! VN::rince; VERB::rinc*x2*y
rinseáilte+Verbal+Adj:rinseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::rinseáil; VERB::rinseáil*x2*y
ríochana+Verbal+Adj:ríochana	VA-INIT;	! VN::ríochan; VERB::righ
ríofa+Verbal+Adj:ríofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::ríomh; VERB::ríomh*x2*y
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::rith; VERB::rith*x2*y
robáilte+Verbal+Adj:robáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::robáil; VERB::robáil*x2*y
roctha+Verbal+Adj:roctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::rocadh; VERB::roc*x3*y
roghnaithe+Verbal+Adj:roghnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::roghnú; VERB::roghnaigh*x1*y
roinnte+Verbal+Adj:roinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::roinnt; VERB::roinn*x2*y
roiste+Verbal+Adj:roiste	VA-INIT;	! VN::roiseadh; VERB::rois*x2*y
rollta+Verbal+Adj:rollta	VA-INIT;	! VN::rolladh; VERB::roll*x2*y
rollaithe+Verbal+Adj:rollaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rollú; VERB::rollaigh*x1*y
rómhartha+Verbal+Adj:rómhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::rómhar; VERB::rómhair*x1*y
roptha+Verbal+Adj:roptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::ropadh; VERB::rop*x3*y
rósta+Verbal+Adj:rósta	VA-INIT;	! VN::róstadh; VERB::róst
rothaíochta+Verbal+Adj:rothaíochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::rothaíocht; VERB::rothaigh*x1*y
rothlaithe+Verbal+Adj:rothlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rothlú; VERB::rothlaigh*x1*y
ruachana+Verbal+Adj:ruachana	VA-INIT;	! VN::ruachan; VERB::ruaigh
ruaigthe+Verbal+Adj:ruaigthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ruaigeadh; VERB::ruaig*x2*y
rúiscthe+Verbal+Adj:rúiscthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::rúscadh; VERB::rúisc*x2*y
sáite+Verbal+Adj:sáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::sá; VERB::sáigh*x1*y
sábháilte+Verbal+Adj:sábháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::sábháil; VERB::sábháil*x2*y
sactha+Verbal+Adj:sactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sacadh; VERB::sac*x4*y
saibhrithe+Verbal+Adj:saibhrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::saibhriú; VERB::saibhrigh
saighdte+Verbal+Adj:saighdte	VA-INIT;	! VN::saighdeadh; VERB::saighid
saillte+Verbal+Adj:saillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::sailleadh; VERB::saill*x2*y
sainaitheanta+Verbal+Adj:sainaitheanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::sainaithint; VERB::sainaithin
sainithe+Verbal+Adj:sainithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sainiú; VERB::sainigh
sainmhínithe+Verbal+Adj:sainmhínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sainmhíniú; VERB::sainmhínigh
sainoidhrithe+Verbal+Adj:sainoidhrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sainoidhriú; VERB::sainoidhrigh*x1*y
sáithithe+Verbal+Adj:sáithithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sáithiú; VERB::sáithigh*x1*y
salaithe+Verbal+Adj:salaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::salú; VERB::salaigh*x1*y
samhlaithe+Verbal+Adj:samhlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::samhlú; VERB::samhlaigh
sámhaithe+Verbal+Adj:sámhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sámhú; VERB::sámhaigh
sampláilte+Verbal+Adj:sampláilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::sampláil; VERB::sampláil*x2*y
sannta+Verbal+Adj:sannta	VA-INIT;	! VN::sannadh; VERB::sann
santaithe+Verbal+Adj:santaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::santú; VERB::santaigh*x1*y
saofa+Verbal+Adj:saofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::saobhadh; VERB::saobh*x2*y
saolaithe+Verbal+Adj:saolaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::saolú; VERB::saolaigh*x1*y
saortha+Verbal+Adj:saortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::saoradh; VERB::saor*x4*y
saothraithe+Verbal+Adj:saothraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::saothrú; VERB::saothraigh*x1*y
sárthadhaill+Verbal+Adj:sárthadhaill	VA-INIT;	! VN::sárthadhall; VERB::sárthadhaill*x1*y
sáraithe+Verbal+Adj:sáraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sárú; VERB::sáraigh
sásta+Verbal+Adj:sásta	VA-INIT;	! VN::sásamh; VERB::sásaigh
satailte+Verbal+Adj:satailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::satailt; VERB::satail
scagtha+Verbal+Adj:scagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::scagadh; VERB::scag
scagdhealaithe+Verbal+Adj:scagdhealaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::scagdhealú; VERB::scagdhealaigh
scáinte+Verbal+Adj:scáinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::scáineadh; VERB::scáin
scaipthe+Verbal+Adj:scaipthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::scaipeadh; VERB::scaip
scallta+Verbal+Adj:scallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::scalladh; VERB::scall*x1*y
scamhafa+Verbal+Adj:scamhafa	VA-INIT;	! VN::scamhadh; VERB::scamh*x1*y
scanta+Verbal+Adj:scanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::scanadh; VERB::scan*x1*y
scanraithe+Verbal+Adj:scanraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::scanrú; VERB::scanraigh
scaoilte+Verbal+Adj:scaoilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::scaoileadh; VERB::scaoil
scartha+Verbal+Adj:scartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::scaradh; VERB::scar
scarbháilte+Verbal+Adj:scarbháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::scarbháil; VERB::scarbháil*x2*y
sceamhaíola+Verbal+Adj:sceamhaíola	VA-INIT;	! VN::sceamhaíl; VERB::sceamh*x2*y
sceimhlithe+Verbal+Adj:sceimhlithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sceimhliú; VERB::sceimhligh
sceite+Verbal+Adj:sceite	VA-INIT;	! VN::sceitheadh; VERB::sceith*x2*y
sciamhaithe+Verbal+Adj:sciamhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sciamhú; VERB::sciamhaigh*x1*y
scilte+Verbal+Adj:scilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::scileadh; VERB::scil*x3*y
scilligthe+Verbal+Adj:scilligthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::scilligeadh; VERB::scillig
scinnte+Verbal+Adj:scinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::scinneadh; VERB::scinn
sciobtha+Verbal+Adj:sciobtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sciobadh; VERB::sciob*x2*y
sciollta+Verbal+Adj:sciollta	VA-INIT;	! VN::sciolladh; VERB::scioll
sciomartha+Verbal+Adj:sciomartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sciomradh; VERB::sciomair
sciorrtha+Verbal+Adj:sciorrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sciorradh; VERB::sciorr
sciotaí+Verbal+Adj:sciotaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::sciotadh; VERB::sciot*x2*y
sciúrtha+Verbal+Adj:sciúrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sciúradh; VERB::sciúr
sciúrsáilte+Verbal+Adj:sciúrsáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::sciúrsáil; VERB::sciúrsáil*x2*y
sclártha+Verbal+Adj:sclártha	VA-INIT;	! VN::scláradh; VERB::sclár
scoilte+Verbal+Adj:scoilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::scoilteadh; VERB::scoilt*x2*y
scoite+Verbal+Adj:scoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::scoitheadh; VERB::scoith*x1*y
scólta+Verbal+Adj:scólta	VA-INIT;	! VN::scóladh; VERB::scól
scoir+Verbal+Adj:scoir	VA-INIT;	! VN::scor; VERB::scoir*x1*y
scortha+Verbal+Adj:scortha	VA-INIT;	! VN::scoradh; VERB::scor*x4*y
scrábáilte+Verbal+Adj:scrábáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::scrábáil; VERB::scrábáil*x2*y
scréachaí+Verbal+Adj:scréachaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::scréachach; VERB::scréach*x2*y
screadaí+Verbal+Adj:screadaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::screadach; VERB::scread*x2*y
screamhaithe+Verbal+Adj:screamhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::screamhú; VERB::screamhaigh*x1*y
scríobtha+Verbal+Adj:scríobtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::scríobadh; VERB::scríob*x2*y
scríofa+Verbal+Adj:scríofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::scríobh; VERB::scríobh*x2*y
scrúdaithe+Verbal+Adj:scrúdaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::scrúdú; VERB::scrúdaigh
scuabtha+Verbal+Adj:scuabtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::scuabadh; VERB::scuab*x2*y
seachadta+Verbal+Adj:seachadta	VA-INIT;	! VN::seachadadh; VERB::seachaid
seachanta+Verbal+Adj:seachanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::seachaint; VERB::seachain
seachtraithe+Verbal+Adj:seachtraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::seachtrú; VERB::seachtraigh*x1*y
seadaithe+Verbal+Adj:seadaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::seadú; VERB::seadaigh
sealbhaithe+Verbal+Adj:sealbhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sealbhú; VERB::sealbhaigh*x1*y
séanta+Verbal+Adj:séanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::séanadh; VERB::séan*x4*y
searbhaithe+Verbal+Adj:searbhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::searbhú; VERB::searbhaigh
seargtha+Verbal+Adj:seargtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::seargadh; VERB::searg*x3*y
searrtha+Verbal+Adj:searrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::searradh; VERB::searr*x2*y
seasta+Verbal+Adj:seasta	VA-INIT;	! VN::seasamh; VERB::seas*x2*y
séideadte+Verbal+Adj:séideadte	VA-INIT;	! VN::séideadh; VERB::séid
seiftithe+Verbal+Adj:seiftithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::seiftiú; VERB::seiftigh
seilge+Verbal+Adj:seilge	VA-INIT;	! VN::seilg; VERB::seilg*x2*y
seilithe+Verbal+Adj:seilithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::seiliú; VERB::seiligh*x1*y
séimhithe+Verbal+Adj:séimhithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::séimhiú; VERB::séimhigh
seinte+Verbal+Adj:seinte	VA-INIT;	! VN::seinm; VERB::seinn
seirbheáilte+Verbal+Adj:seirbheáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::seirbheáil; VERB::seirbheáil*x2*y
seolta+Verbal+Adj:seolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::seoladh; VERB::seol*x4*y
silte+Verbal+Adj:silte	VA-INIT;	! VN::sileadh; VERB::sil*x2*y
sílte+Verbal+Adj:sílte	VA-INIT;	! VN::síleadh; VERB::síl*x1*y
sillte+Verbal+Adj:sillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::silleadh; VERB::sill
sil-leagtha+Verbal+Adj:sil-leagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sil-leagan; VERB::
simplithe+Verbal+Adj:simplithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::simpliú; VERB::simpligh
sincithe+Verbal+Adj:sincithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sinciú; VERB::sincigh
sínte+Verbal+Adj:sínte	VA-INIT;	! VN::síneadh; VERB::sín*x2*y
sínithe+Verbal+Adj:sínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::síniú; VERB::sínigh*x1*y
síobtha+Verbal+Adj:síobtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::síobadh; VERB::síob*x2*y
seaca+Verbal+Adj:seaca	VA-INIT;	! VN::sioc; VERB::sioc*x2*y
síolchurtha+Verbal+Adj:síolchurtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::síolchur; VERB::síolchuir*x1*y
siolptha+Verbal+Adj:siolptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::siolpadh; VERB::siolp
síolraithe+Verbal+Adj:síolraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::síolrú; VERB::síolraigh*x1*y
síolaithe+Verbal+Adj:síolaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::síolú; VERB::síolaigh*x1*y
sioncóipithe+Verbal+Adj:sioncóipithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sioncóipiú; VERB::sioncóipigh
siosctha+Verbal+Adj:siosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sioscadh; VERB::siosc*x1*y
siosctha+Verbal+Adj:siosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sioscadh; VERB::siosc*x2*y
síothlaithe+Verbal+Adj:síothlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::síothlú; VERB::síothlaigh
síothaithe+Verbal+Adj:síothaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::síothú; VERB::síothaigh
siúlta+Verbal+Adj:siúlta	VA-INIT;	! VN::siúl; VERB::siúil*x1*y
slada+Verbal+Adj:slada	VA-INIT;	! VN::slad; VERB::slad*x2*y
slaidhe+Verbal+Adj:slaidhe	VA-INIT;	! VN::slaidhe; VERB::slaidh
slánaithe+Verbal+Adj:slánaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::slánú; VERB::slánaigh
sleabhctha+Verbal+Adj:sleabhctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sleabhcadh; VERB::sleabhac*x3*y
sleachta+Verbal+Adj:sleachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::sleachtadh; VERB::sleacht*x1*y
sléachtaí+Verbal+Adj:sléachtaí	VA-INIT;	! VN::sléachtadh; VERB::sléacht*x2*y
sleamhnaithe+Verbal+Adj:sleamhnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sleamhnú; VERB::sleamhnaigh
slighthe+Verbal+Adj:slighthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::slighe; VERB::sligh
slogtha+Verbal+Adj:slogtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::slogadh; VERB::slog*x2*y
slógtha+Verbal+Adj:slógtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::slógadh; VERB::slóg
sloinnte+Verbal+Adj:sloinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::sloinneadh; VERB::sloinn*x1*y
sluaistrithe+Verbal+Adj:sluaistrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sluaistriú; VERB::sluaistrigh
smachtaithe+Verbal+Adj:smachtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::smachtú; VERB::smachtaigh
smaointe+Verbal+Adj:smaointe	VA-INIT;	! VN::smaoineamh; VERB::smaoinigh
smeadráilte+Verbal+Adj:smeadráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::smeadráil; VERB::smeadráil*x2*y
smeartha+Verbal+Adj:smeartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::smearadh; VERB::smear
sméidte+Verbal+Adj:sméidte	VA-INIT;	! VN::sméideadh; VERB::sméid*x1*y
smidte+Verbal+Adj:smidte	VA-INIT;	! VN::smideadh; VERB::smid*x2*y
smolta+Verbal+Adj:smolta	VA-INIT;	! VN::smoladh; VERB::smol*x2*y
smolchaite+Verbal+Adj:smolchaite	VA-INIT;	! VN::smolchaitheamh; VERB::
snámha+Verbal+Adj:snámha	VA-INIT;	! VN::snámh; VERB::snámh*x2*y
snaptha+Verbal+Adj:snaptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::snapadh; VERB::snap*x2*y
snáite+Verbal+Adj:snáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::snáthadh; VERB::snáith
sní+Verbal+Adj:sní	VA-INIT;	! VN::sní; VERB::snigh
sníofa+Verbal+Adj:sníofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::sníomh; VERB::sníomh*x2*y
snoite+Verbal+Adj:snoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::snoí; VERB::snoigh
socraithe+Verbal+Adj:socraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::socrú; VERB::socraigh
soiléirithe+Verbal+Adj:soiléirithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::soiléiriú; VERB::soiléirigh
soilsithe+Verbal+Adj:soilsithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::soilsiú; VERB::soilsigh*x1*y
sóinseáilte+Verbal+Adj:sóinseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::sóinseáil; VERB::sóinseáil*x2*y
sóisialaithe+Verbal+Adj:sóisialaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sóisialú; VERB::sóisialaigh
soladaithe+Verbal+Adj:soladaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::soladú; VERB::soladaigh*x1*y
soláthair+Verbal+Adj:soláthair	VA-INIT;	! VN::soláthar; VERB::soláthair*x1*y
sollúnaithe+Verbal+Adj:sollúnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sollúnú; VERB::sollúnaigh
sonnaidh+Verbal+Adj:sonnaidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::sonnadh; VERB::sonn*x2*y
sonraithe+Verbal+Adj:sonraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sonrú; VERB::sonraigh*x1*y
spaillte+Verbal+Adj:spaillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::spailleadh; VERB::spaill
spairne+Verbal+Adj:spairne	VA-INIT;	! VN::spairn; VERB::spairn*x2*y
spallta+Verbal+Adj:spallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::spalladh; VERB::spall
spalptha+Verbal+Adj:spalptha	VA-INIT;	! VN::spalpadh; VERB::spalp
spáráilte+Verbal+Adj:spáráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::spáráil; VERB::spáráil*x2*y
spásáilte+Verbal+Adj:spásáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::spásáil; VERB::spásáil*x2*y
speirthe+Verbal+Adj:speirthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::speireadh; VERB::speir*x2*y
spionnta+Verbal+Adj:spionnta	VA-INIT;	! VN::spionnadh; VERB::spionn
spléachta+Verbal+Adj:spléachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::spléachadh; VERB::spléach
spochta+Verbal+Adj:spochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::spochadh; VERB::spoch
spóraithe+Verbal+Adj:spóraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::spórú; VERB::spóraigh
spréite+Verbal+Adj:spréite	VA-INIT;	! VN::spré; VERB::spréigh
spréachta+Verbal+Adj:spréachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::spréachadh; VERB::spréach*x2*y
spreagtha+Verbal+Adj:spreagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::spreagadh; VERB::spreag
spruigeáilte+Verbal+Adj:spruigeáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::spruigeáil; VERB::spruigeáil*x2*y
sractha+Verbal+Adj:sractha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sracadh; VERB::srac*x1*y
sraithrannaithe+Verbal+Adj:sraithrannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sraithrannú; VERB::sraithrannaigh
sramtha+Verbal+Adj:sramtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sramadh; VERB::sram*x2*y
sraoillte+Verbal+Adj:sraoillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::sraoilleadh; VERB::sraoill*x2*y
sraonta+Verbal+Adj:sraonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::sraonadh; VERB::sraon
srathnaithe+Verbal+Adj:srathnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::srathnú; VERB::srathnaigh
srathaithe+Verbal+Adj:srathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::srathú; VERB::srathaigh
sreafa+Verbal+Adj:sreafa	VA-INIT;	! VN::sreabhadh; VERB::sreabh*x2*y
sreangtha+Verbal+Adj:sreangtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::sreangadh; VERB::sreang*x2*y
srianta+Verbal+Adj:srianta	VA-INIT;	! VN::srianadh; VERB::srian*x2*y
sroichte+Verbal+Adj:sroichte	VA-INIT;	! VN::sroicheadh; VERB::sroich
sruthlaithe+Verbal+Adj:sruthlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::sruthlú; VERB::sruthlaigh*x2*y
stadanna+Verbal+Adj:stadanna	VA-INIT;	! VN::stad; VERB::stad*x2*y
stánta+Verbal+Adj:stánta	VA-INIT;	! VN::stánadh; VERB::stán*x2*y
stánáilte+Verbal+Adj:stánáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::stánáil; VERB::stánáil*x2*y
stangtha+Verbal+Adj:stangtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::stangadh; VERB::stang*x3*y
staonta+Verbal+Adj:staonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::staonadh; VERB::staon*x2*y
steallta+Verbal+Adj:steallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::stealladh; VERB::steall*x2*y
stiallta+Verbal+Adj:stiallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::stialladh; VERB::stiall*x2*y
stiúrtha+Verbal+Adj:stiúrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::stiúradh; VERB::stiúir*x2*y
stofa+Verbal+Adj:stofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::stobhadh; VERB::stobh
stócáilte+Verbal+Adj:stócáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::stócáil; VERB::stócáil*x2*y
stoite+Verbal+Adj:stoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::stoitheadh; VERB::stoith*x1*y
stollta+Verbal+Adj:stollta	VA-INIT;	! VN::stolladh; VERB::stoll*x1*y
stopadhtha+Verbal+Adj:stopadhtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::stopadh; VERB::stop*x2*y
stóráilte+Verbal+Adj:stóráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::stóráil; VERB::stóráil*x2*y
streachailte+Verbal+Adj:streachailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::streachailt; VERB::streachail
stríoctha+Verbal+Adj:stríoctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::stríocadh; VERB::stríoc*x2*y
stróicthe+Verbal+Adj:stróicthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::stróiceadh; VERB::stróic*x2*y
stuáilte+Verbal+Adj:stuáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::stuáil; VERB::stuáil*x2*y
súite+Verbal+Adj:súite	VA-INIT;	! VN::sú; VERB::súigh
suaimhnithe+Verbal+Adj:suaimhnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::suaimhniú; VERB::suaimhnigh*x1*y
suaite+Verbal+Adj:suaite	VA-INIT;	! VN::suaitheadh; VERB::suaith
substainte+Verbal+Adj:substainte	VA-INIT;	! VN::substaineadh; VERB::substain
???+Verbal+Adj:???	VA-INIT;	! VN::suí; VERB::suigh
suimeáilte+Verbal+Adj:suimeáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::suimeáil; VERB::suimeáil*x2*y
suimintithe+Verbal+Adj:suimintithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::suimintiú; VERB::suimintigh
suimithe+Verbal+Adj:suimithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::suimiú; VERB::suimigh
súisteáilte+Verbal+Adj:súisteáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::súisteáil; VERB::súisteáil*x2*y
súraic+Verbal+Adj:súraic	VA-INIT;	! VN::súrac; VERB::súraic*x1*y
tabhartha+Verbal+Adj:tabhartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tabhairt; VERB::tabhair
táblaithe+Verbal+Adj:táblaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::táblú; VERB::táblaigh*x1*y
tacair+Verbal+Adj:tacair	VA-INIT;	! VN::tacar; VERB::tacair*x1*y
tachta+Verbal+Adj:tachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tachtadh; VERB::tacht
tacmhaing+Verbal+Adj:tacmhaing	VA-INIT;	! VN::tacmhang; VERB::tacmhaing*x1*y
tadhaill+Verbal+Adj:tadhaill	VA-INIT;	! VN::tadhall; VERB::tadhaill*x1*y
tafainn+Verbal+Adj:tafainn	VA-INIT;	! VN::tafann; VERB::tafainn*x1*y
tagartha+Verbal+Adj:tagartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tagairt; VERB::tagair*x1*y
taibhrimh+Verbal+Adj:taibhrimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::taibhreamh; VERB::taibhrigh
taifigh+Verbal+Adj:taifigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::taifeach; VERB::taifigh*x1*y
taifeadta+Verbal+Adj:taifeadta	VA-INIT;	! VN::taifeadadh; VERB::taifead*x2*y
taighde+Verbal+Adj:taighde	VA-INIT;	! VN::taighde; VERB::taighd
táinsimh+Verbal+Adj:táinsimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::táinseamh; VERB::táinsigh
tairbhithe+Verbal+Adj:tairbhithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tairbhiú; VERB::tairbhigh*x1*y
táirgthe+Verbal+Adj:táirgthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::táirgeadh; VERB::táirg
tairisceana+Verbal+Adj:tairisceana	VA-INIT;	! VN::tairiscint; VERB::tairg
tairisimh+Verbal+Adj:tairisimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::tairiseamh; VERB::tairis*x1*y
tairngreachta+Verbal+Adj:tairngreachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tairngreacht; VERB::tairngir
taiscéalta+Verbal+Adj:taiscéalta	VA-INIT;	! VN::taiscéaladh; VERB::taiscéal
taislithe+Verbal+Adj:taislithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::taisliú; VERB::taisligh*x1*y
taispeána+Verbal+Adj:taispeána	VA-INIT;	! VN::taispeáint; VERB::taispeáin
taisrithe+Verbal+Adj:taisrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::taisriú; VERB::taisrigh
taistil+Verbal+Adj:taistil	VA-INIT;	! VN::taisteal; VERB::taistil*x1*y
taithí+Verbal+Adj:taithí	VA-INIT;	! VN::taithí; VERB::taithigh
taithmhigh+Verbal+Adj:taithmhigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::taithmheach; VERB::taithmhigh*x2*y
taitnimh+Verbal+Adj:taitnimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::taitneamh; VERB::taitin
táil+Verbal+Adj:táil	VA-INIT;	! VN::tál; VERB::tál*x3*y
talmhaithe+Verbal+Adj:talmhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::talmhú; VERB::talmhaigh
tamhanta+Verbal+Adj:tamhanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tamhnadh; VERB::tamhain*x1*y
tanaithe+Verbal+Adj:tanaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tanú; VERB::tanaigh
taobhrianta+Verbal+Adj:taobhrianta	VA-INIT;	! VN::taobhrianadh; VERB::taobhrian
taobhaithe+Verbal+Adj:taobhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::taobhú; VERB::taobhaigh*x1*y
taomtha+Verbal+Adj:taomtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::taomadh; VERB::taom*x2*y
taosctha+Verbal+Adj:taosctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::taoscadh; VERB::taosc*x1*y
tarcaisnithe+Verbal+Adj:tarcaisnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tarcaisniú; VERB::tarcaisnigh*x1*y
tarchurtha+Verbal+Adj:tarchurtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tarchur; VERB::tarchuir*x1*y
tarfhuáilte+Verbal+Adj:tarfhuáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::tarfhuáil; VERB::tarfhuaigh
tarlaithe+Verbal+Adj:tarlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tarlú; VERB::tarlaigh*x1*y
tarlaithe+Verbal+Adj:tarlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tarlú; VERB::tarlaigh*x2*y
tarraingthe+Verbal+Adj:tarraingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tarraingt; VERB::tarraing*x1*y
tarrtháilte+Verbal+Adj:tarrtháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::tarrtháil; VERB::tarrtháil*x2*y
tarscaoilte+Verbal+Adj:tarscaoilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::tarscaoileadh; VERB::tarscaoil
tástáilte+Verbal+Adj:tástáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::tástáil; VERB::tástáil*x2*y
tathanta+Verbal+Adj:tathanta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tathant; VERB::tathantaigh
táthaithe+Verbal+Adj:táthaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::táthú; VERB::táthaigh
teachta+Verbal+Adj:teachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::teacht; VERB::tar*x1*y
téachta+Verbal+Adj:téachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::téachtadh; VERB::téacht
teagaisc+Verbal+Adj:teagaisc	VA-INIT;	! VN::teagasc; VERB::teagasc*x2*y
teagmháilte+Verbal+Adj:teagmháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::teagmháil; VERB::teagmhaigh
téite+Verbal+Adj:téite	VA-INIT;	! VN::téamh; VERB::téigh*x1*y
teannta+Verbal+Adj:teannta	VA-INIT;	! VN::teannadh; VERB::teann*x3*y
teanntaithe+Verbal+Adj:teanntaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::teanntú; VERB::teanntaigh
tearcaithe+Verbal+Adj:tearcaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tearcú; VERB::tearcaigh
tearmannaithe+Verbal+Adj:tearmannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tearmannú; VERB::tearmannaigh*x2*y
téarnaithe+Verbal+Adj:téarnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::téarnamh; VERB::téarnaigh
teasargain+Verbal+Adj:teasargain	VA-INIT;	! VN::teasargan; VERB::teasairg
teasctha+Verbal+Adj:teasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::teascadh; VERB::teasc*x2*y
teasdíonta+Verbal+Adj:teasdíonta	VA-INIT;	! VN::teasdíonadh; VERB::teasdíon
teastáilte+Verbal+Adj:teastáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::teastáil; VERB::teastaigh*x1*y
teibithe+Verbal+Adj:teibithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::teibiú; VERB::teibigh
teilgthe+Verbal+Adj:teilgthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::teilgean; VERB::teilg*x1*y
teipe+Verbal+Adj:teipe	VA-INIT;	! VN::teip; VERB::teip*x2*y
teite+Verbal+Adj:teite	VA-INIT;	! VN::teitheadh; VERB::teith*x1*y
teorannaithe+Verbal+Adj:teorannaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::teorannú; VERB::teorannaigh
timpeallghearrtha+Verbal+Adj:timpeallghearrtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::timpeallghearradh; VERB::timpeallghearr
timpeallaithe+Verbal+Adj:timpeallaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::timpeallú; VERB::timpeallaigh*x1*y
tíolactha+Verbal+Adj:tíolactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tíolacadh; VERB::tíolaic*x1*y
tiomána+Verbal+Adj:tiomána	VA-INIT;	! VN::tiomáint; VERB::tiomáin
tiomargtha+Verbal+Adj:tiomargtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tiomargadh; VERB::tiomairg
tiomnaithe+Verbal+Adj:tiomnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tiomnú; VERB::tiomnaigh*x1*y
tiomsaithe+Verbal+Adj:tiomsaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tiomsú; VERB::tiomsaigh
tionlactha+Verbal+Adj:tionlactha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tionlacan; VERB::tionlaic
tionnabhraidh+Verbal+Adj:tionnabhraidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::tionnabhradh; VERB::tionnabhair
tionóil+Verbal+Adj:tionóil	VA-INIT;	! VN::tionól; VERB::tionóil*x1*y
tionsclaithe+Verbal+Adj:tionsclaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tionsclú; VERB::tionsclaigh*x1*y
tionscnaimh+Verbal+Adj:tionscnaimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::tionscnamh; VERB::tionscain
tiontaithe+Verbal+Adj:tiontaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tiontú; VERB::tiontaigh
titime+Verbal+Adj:titime	VA-INIT;	! VN::titim; VERB::tit
tiúchana+Verbal+Adj:tiúchana	VA-INIT;	! VN::tiúchan; VERB::tiubhaigh
tnáite+Verbal+Adj:tnáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::tnáitheadh; VERB::tnáith
tnútha+Verbal+Adj:tnútha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tnúth; VERB::tnúth*x2*y
tobhaigh+Verbal+Adj:tobhaigh	VA-INIT;	! VN::tobhach; VERB::toibhigh
tóchta+Verbal+Adj:tóchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tóch; VERB::tóch*x2*y
tochailte+Verbal+Adj:tochailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::tochailt; VERB::tochail
tochais+Verbal+Adj:tochais	VA-INIT;	! VN::tochas; VERB::tochais*x1*y
tochraiste+Verbal+Adj:tochraiste	VA-INIT;	! VN::tochras; VERB::tochrais*x1*y
tochsail+Verbal+Adj:tochsail	VA-INIT;	! VN::tochsal; VERB::tochsail*x1*y
tógáilte+Verbal+Adj:tógáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::tógáil; VERB::tóg
tofa+Verbal+Adj:tofa	VA-INIT;	! VN::toghadh; VERB::togh*x1*y
toghla+Verbal+Adj:toghla	VA-INIT;	! VN::toghail; VERB::toghail*x3*y
toghairme+Verbal+Adj:toghairme	VA-INIT;	! VN::toghairm; VERB::toghair
toghluasachta+Verbal+Adj:toghluasachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::toghluasacht; VERB::toghluais
togartha+Verbal+Adj:togartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::togradh; VERB::togair
toilithe+Verbal+Adj:toilithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::toiliú; VERB::toiligh
toillte+Verbal+Adj:toillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::toilleadh; VERB::toill*x1*y
toirbhearta+Verbal+Adj:toirbhearta	VA-INIT;	! VN::toirbhirt; VERB::toirbhir
toirchithe+Verbal+Adj:toirchithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::toirchiú; VERB::toirchigh
toirmisc+Verbal+Adj:toirmisc	VA-INIT;	! VN::toirmeasc; VERB::toirmisc*x1*y
toitrithe+Verbal+Adj:toitrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::toitriú; VERB::toitrigh
tolgtha+Verbal+Adj:tolgtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tolgadh; VERB::tolg*x3*y
tolgtha+Verbal+Adj:tolgtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tolgadh; VERB::tolg*x3*y
tollta+Verbal+Adj:tollta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tolladh; VERB::toll*x3*y
tomhaidhme+Verbal+Adj:tomhaidhme	VA-INIT;	! VN::tomhaidhm; VERB::tomhaidhm*x2*y
tomhailte+Verbal+Adj:tomhailte	VA-INIT;	! VN::tomhailt; VERB::tomhail
tomhais+Verbal+Adj:tomhais	VA-INIT;	! VN::tomhas; VERB::tomhais*x1*y
tonachta+Verbal+Adj:tonachta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tonach; VERB::tonach*x3*y
tonnta+Verbal+Adj:tonnta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tonnadh; VERB::tonn*x2*y
tonnchreatha+Verbal+Adj:tonnchreatha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tonnchrith; VERB::tonnchrith*x2*y
tóraíochta+Verbal+Adj:tóraíochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tóraíocht; VERB::tóraigh
tórraimh+Verbal+Adj:tórraimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::tórramh; VERB::tórraigh
tosta+Verbal+Adj:tosta	VA-INIT;	! VN::tost; VERB::tost*x2*y
tosaithe+Verbal+Adj:tosaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tosú; VERB::tosaigh*x1*y
tothlaithe+Verbal+Adj:tothlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tothlú; VERB::tothlaigh
tráite+Verbal+Adj:tráite	VA-INIT;	! VN::trá; VERB::tráigh*x1*y
tráchta+Verbal+Adj:tráchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::trácht; VERB::trácht*x5*y
tráchta+Verbal+Adj:tráchta	VA-INIT;	! VN::trácht; VERB::trácht*x6*y
traenáilte+Verbal+Adj:traenáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::traenáil; VERB::traenáil*x2*y
traochta+Verbal+Adj:traochta	VA-INIT;	! VN::traochadh; VERB::traoch
traoite+Verbal+Adj:traoite	VA-INIT;	! VN::traoitheadh; VERB::traoith
trasnaithe+Verbal+Adj:trasnaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::trasnú; VERB::trasnaigh*x1*y
treáite+Verbal+Adj:treáite	VA-INIT;	! VN::treá; VERB::treáigh
treafa+Verbal+Adj:treafa	VA-INIT;	! VN::treabhadh; VERB::treabh*x1*y
treascartha+Verbal+Adj:treascartha	VA-INIT;	! VN::treascairt; VERB::treascair
tréaslaithe+Verbal+Adj:tréaslaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tréaslú; VERB::tréaslaigh
tréghalaithe+Verbal+Adj:tréghalaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tréghalú; VERB::tréghalaigh
tréigin+Verbal+Adj:tréigin	VA-INIT;	! VN::tréigean; VERB::tréig
tréithrithe+Verbal+Adj:tréithrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tréithriú; VERB::tréithrigh
treoráilte+Verbal+Adj:treoráilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::treoráil; VERB::treoráil*x2*y
treoraithe+Verbal+Adj:treoraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::treorú; VERB::treoraigh*x1*y
trétháil+Verbal+Adj:trétháil	VA-INIT;	! VN::tréthál; VERB::tréthál*x2*y
trialach+Verbal+Adj:trialach	VA-INIT;	! VN::triail; VERB::triail*x2*y
triallta+Verbal+Adj:triallta	VA-INIT;	! VN::triall; VERB::triall*x2*y
trinseáilte+Verbal+Adj:trinseáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::trinseáil; VERB::trinseáil*x2*y
triomaithe+Verbal+Adj:triomaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::triomú; VERB::triomaigh*x1*y
tríroinnte+Verbal+Adj:tríroinnte	VA-INIT;	! VN::tríroinnt; VERB::tríroinn
trochlaithe+Verbal+Adj:trochlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::trochlú; VERB::trochlaigh
troda+Verbal+Adj:troda	VA-INIT;	! VN::troid; VERB::troid*x2*y
troscaidh+Verbal+Adj:troscaidh	VA-INIT;	! VN::troscadh; VERB::troisc*x1*y
truaillithe+Verbal+Adj:truaillithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::truailliú; VERB::truailligh
truaillmheasctha+Verbal+Adj:truaillmheasctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::truaillmheascadh; VERB::truaillmheasc
trusta+Verbal+Adj:trusta	VA-INIT;	! VN::trust; VERB::trust*x2*y
tuairiscithe+Verbal+Adj:tuairiscithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuairisciú; VERB::tuairiscigh
tuair+Verbal+Adj:tuair	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuar; VERB::tuar*x4*y
tuair+Verbal+Adj:tuair	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuar; VERB::tuar*x5*y
tuargana+Verbal+Adj:tuargana	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuargaint; VERB::tuargain
tuaslagtha+Verbal+Adj:tuaslagtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuaslagadh; VERB::tuaslaig
tuathaithe+Verbal+Adj:tuathaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuathú; VERB::tuathaigh*x2*y
tubha+Verbal+Adj:tubha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tubha; VERB::tubh
tuilte+Verbal+Adj:tuilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuile; VERB::tuil*x1*y
tuillimh+Verbal+Adj:tuillimh	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuilleamh; VERB::tuill*x1*y
tuirlingthe+Verbal+Adj:tuirlingthe	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuirlingt; VERB::tuirling*x1*y
tuisceana+Verbal+Adj:tuisceana	VA-INIT;	! VN::tuiscint; VERB::tuig
tumtha+Verbal+Adj:tumtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::tumadh; VERB::tum
uaislithe+Verbal+Adj:uaislithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::uaisliú; VERB::uaisligh
uathfhuaimnithe+Verbal+Adj:uathfhuaimnithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::uathfhuaimniú; VERB::uathfhuaimnigh
ubhsceite+Verbal+Adj:ubhsceite	VA-INIT;	! VN::ubhsceitheadh; VERB::ubhsceith
uchtaithe+Verbal+Adj:uchtaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::uchtú; VERB::uchtaigh*x1*y
údaraithe+Verbal+Adj:údaraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::údarú; VERB::údaraigh*x1*y
uimhrithe+Verbal+Adj:uimhrithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::uimhriú; VERB::uimhrigh
uiríslithe+Verbal+Adj:uiríslithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::uirísliú; VERB::uirísligh
uiscithe+Verbal+Adj:uiscithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::uisciú; VERB::uiscigh
ullmhaithe+Verbal+Adj:ullmhaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::ullmhú; VERB::ullmhaigh
úmtha+Verbal+Adj:úmtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::úmadh; VERB::úim*x2*y
umhlaithe+Verbal+Adj:umhlaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::umhlú; VERB::umhlaigh
ungtha+Verbal+Adj:ungtha	VA-INIT;	! VN::ungadh; VERB::ung
urbhaic+Verbal+Adj:urbhaic	VA-INIT;	! VN::urbhac; VERB::urbhac*x2*y
urbhruithe+Verbal+Adj:urbhruithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::urbhruith; VERB::urbhruith*x2*y
urchoillte+Verbal+Adj:urchoillte	VA-INIT;	! VN::urchoilleadh; VERB::urchoill
urchoisc+Verbal+Adj:urchoisc	VA-INIT;	! VN::urchosc; VERB::urchoisc*x1*y
urghabháilte+Verbal+Adj:urghabháilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::urghabháil; VERB::urghabh
urghairdithe+Verbal+Adj:urghairdithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::urghairdiú; VERB::urghairdigh*x1*y
urghairí+Verbal+Adj:urghairí	VA-INIT;	! VN::urghaire; VERB::urghair
urlacain+Verbal+Adj:urlacain	VA-INIT;	! VN::urlacan; VERB::urlaic*x1*y
urramaithe+Verbal+Adj:urramaithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::urramú; VERB::urramaigh*x1*y
urscaoilte+Verbal+Adj:urscaoilte	VA-INIT;	! VN::urscaoileadh; VERB::urscaoil
uraithe+Verbal+Adj:uraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::urú; VERB::uraigh
úraithe+Verbal+Adj:úraithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::úrú; VERB::úraigh*x1*y
úsáide+Verbal+Adj:úsáide	VA-INIT;	! VN::úsáid; VERB::úsáid*x2*y
úsctha+Verbal+Adj:úsctha	VA-INIT;	! VN::úscadh; VERB::úsc*x2*y
vacsaínithe+Verbal+Adj:vacsaínithe	VA-INIT;	! VN::vacsaíniú; VERB::vacsaínigh
válsáilte+Verbal+Adj:válsáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::válsáil; VERB::válsáil*x2*y
vótáilte+Verbal+Adj:vótáilte	VA-INIT-ÁLA;	! VN::vótáil; VERB::vótáil*x2*y